 “We’re still going to have continued heat, and that makes for shorter” supplies because hogs take longer to reach market-ready weight during hot weather, he said.
 “We are able to recommend all of this because the economy has shown welcome improvement,” Hickenlooper, a Democrat, said in the statement .
 “We won because we controlled the game in terms of what we wanted to do, we wouldn’t let them play,” Newcastle manager Alan Pardew told Sky Sports.
 The company borrowed an additional $425 million on the loan it raised in February, said the banker, who didn't want to be identified because the transaction is private.
” “It’s not as though he is stepping into something that is terribly run because Clorox is not terribly run.
 The government argued that the photos and any video are exempt from disclosure because they reveal secret intelligence operations and foreign activity and would pose a risk to national security.
 Investors assume Brazilian policy makers “can act at this level, because inflation control is a priority,” Italo Abucater, head of currency trading at ICAP do Brasil, said by phone from Sao Paulo.
 The bulk of the reduction comes from an appellate ruling that takes nine years off because sentencing guidelines were improperly applied by Lake the first time.
 Mayer began the effort to end the agreement soon after becoming Yahoo CEO in July, and she has met with resistance from Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , said the people, who asked not to be identified because the meetings were private.
” Nate Cardozo, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a San Francisco-based privacy group that has sued the government to stop the program, said the court order is flawed because it assumes that all lawmakers were given the opportunity to learn the NSA was collecting and storing phone records in bulk.
 “It is impossible to know the exact number until after the race because so much is tied into pledges and finishing times,” Gimelstob said.
 “It’s great for us to have celebrities running because it raises the awareness of the race and the charities,” Wittenberg said in a telephone interview.
 “Government measures work better in the existing home market because the strict home purchase restrictions effectively restrain some purchasing power,” Jeffrey Gao, a Shanghai-based analyst at Royal Bank of Scotland Plc, said in a phone interview.
 “Ethanol had been able to keep pace because we had higher crude oil prices .
” The impact of the tax on carbon prices will be limited partly because the U.
 (WFC) Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf said home-equity losses remain his “top concern” because unemployment in the U.
 I just think they were appointed because they think like him.
 “The French manufacturers are struggling because the French economy is weaker than it was a year ago, and Fiat is being hit by the very weak Italian market,” said Jonathon Poskitt , head of European sales forecasting at LMC Automotive in Oxford.
 “We need to find a better way to provide access to these families who are being cut out simply because lenders are putting arbitrary overlays on top of our requirements.
 “Romania needs to complete the current agreement because it will mean that things are going well and we no longer need a teacher, more or less demanding,” Isarescu said.
8 billion from about $11 billion in part because the expedited schedule increased costs at an adjacent mass- transit hub and the memorial.
 Geithner, 51, will write about his decision-making role at the Treasury the last four years and as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 2003 to 2009, said the person, who asked not to be identified because Geithner has yet to meet with publishers.
 “I’m not worried because we have quality, exclusivity, a strong brand and innovative technology,” Chairman Montezemolo said in an interview last month.
 Failure to win backing from any one government would derail the merger, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “Part of this conversation will be how much will the ratepayers of Auckland be willing to pay because not all of the responsibility can fall back on central government,” Key told Television New Zealand .
 Investors view Cisco as a bellwether for the technology industry because it dominates the market for routers and switches, which direct Internet traffic .
 Raimondo’s Test Still, a campaign for governor would be the first real test of Raimondo’s political chops, because her 2010 race was a cakewalk.
 Kathy Miller, a Stockton council member, said the city eliminated the retiree medical premium payments because it was something officials could control.
 In the case of private charities, tracking where the money ends up is a “more difficult task because you have to control the upstream and the downstream,” he said.
 Sales were hurt last quarter because Juniper was unable to fulfill all its orders, CEO Johnson said on the call.
 “The Eurozone crisis is probably the biggest concern, primarily because people are very uncertain about what would happen if the euro broke up,” Liam Bailey , head of residential research, said by telephone.
 He said the labor deals raise conflict-of-interest questions because the unions sit on the nine-member creditor committee.
 “It is hard to say what the impacts to the area are going to be because all the dunes have been washed away and new inlets have been created.
 Almost 65 percent of the space that’s being completed through 2015 will have that ownership structure, which large tenants find unattractive because they have to deal with several owners with different rent demands and standards for maintaining the property, he said.
 Clean-Cut Image “Clark’s clean-cut boy-next-door image seemed to offset any unsavory fallout from Horn’s arrest, because the show increased in popularity,” according to a history of the show provided by the Museum of Broadcast Communications in Chicago .
3 billion for an additional 10 percent stake in Buenos Aires-based oil producer YPF, said the person, who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 “If we can put another two or three results together it will help confidence because you can feel that the attitude and spirit of the team is great,” Wenger said at the post-match news conference.
 “This claim is false not only because Bank of America had no such strategies or policies, but because” HAMP loans were often more profitable because of federal incentives, said David Steckel, a home-retention executive at the lender.
 In his defense, Shavers argued that the Bitcoin investments were not securities because Bitcoin is not money, and is not part of anything regulated by the U.
 When this is taken into account, even the much-touted 20 percent principal reduction on the discount bond option is much lower on a present-value basis, because the coupon rates are higher on the new bond than on the old bonds.
 “They were out of work for two weeks because Republicans were holding their jobs hostage to try and jam through a favor for the CEO of one airline.
 There was less belief a year ago because nobody really believed forward earnings growth.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 John Paulson, the biggest investor in the SPDR Gold Trust, told investors in a letter last month that he remained bullish because central-bank stimulus will eventually spur inflation.
 This may be in part because Gore, by reputation, shuns figurehead appointments for real ones.
15 million in March, said the person with knowledge of the kingdom’s output, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 They may have been declined because they were for business interruption costs, according to White.
 Paul International Airport because he was on the way to Washington for a session of Congress at the time.
 “It will empower victims of sexual abuse in France because if a maid can speak against a powerful man, others will have a stronger voice.
 The next spending package will be on “a considerably big scale” because Japan needs to end deflation as well as rebuild from the record March earthquake and tsunami, Seiji Maehara , 49, said in an interview yesterday in Tokyo.
 “Right now it’s a very nice way, because we can provide dividends to our shareholders, which a lot of companies can’t.
 Rosen also depends on aggressive assumptions about macro-level dynamic effects, where taxes rise not because individual taxpayers report more taxable income but because the economy grows as a whole.
 Wide-bodies land and take off less often because they fly longer routes.
 They are “out of the money,” according to court papers, because any claim by a partner can only be paid after unsecured creditors are fully paid.
 Fred McGarry, who retired from the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services , testified for the state in Concord today that residents didn’t complain about contaminated wellwater because the additive methyl tertiary butyl ether, or MTBE, often eluded detection by taste or smell.
 He kept a neutral rating on the stock because he expects gains from private-equity and debt holdings to be lower this year and predicts regulations will limit trading revenue, according to a research note yesterday.
 Overbroad Statutes Here is the nub of the problem, as Husak describes it: “Experts in the criminal law cannot make accurate predictions about potential offenders because the fate of such persons is not a function of the law at all.
 Residents in Princeton, New Jersey , have sued the municipality and the university, saying the school should lose its tax-exempt status because it shares royalties with faculty.
html Russia’s 2013-14 grain crop is expected to be as much as 89 million metric tons because winter grains, which make up most of the total crop, are in “relatively good” condition, SovEcon said.
html Commonwealth Bank of Australia has rejected calls to make bank account numbers portable between lenders because it will impose high costs for the 250,000 organizations that access the payment system, the Australian Financial Review reported, citing submissions to a Senate inquiry into banking competition.
 Inflation Goal While the Fed in January joined other central banks including the Bank of Mexico and the Reserve Bank of New Zealand in adopting an inflation goal, it differs from many of its counterparts because it also must follow a congressional mandate to promote full employment, or the maximum amount of jobs created before companies bid up wages.
 Discussion Topics An agreement should address the free movement of data because manufacturers rely on the flow of information and services to facilitate their cross-border operations, according to the Coalition of Service Industries, a Washington-based trade group.
 When presented with a surprising idea, smart organizations will bravely listen, because what comes next might just be game-changing innovation.
 Corona told a Senate tribunal today that his failure to declare the deposits didn’t violate a law requiring public workers to declare their assets, liabilities and net worth because these are secret under Philippine law.
 Governor Masaaki Shirakawa told reporters on May 23 there would be “large demerits” to reducing the deposit rate because it could lead to a decline in money-market trading.
html Hong Kong’s Democratic Party plans to ask the High Court to allow it to challenge the election of Leung Chun-ying as the city’s new leader because he misled the public about illegal structures at his home during his campaign, the South China Morning Post reported today, citing Albert Ho, the party’s chairman.
 AB InBev could pay $20 billion for the outstanding stake, according to a person familiar with the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “It has been supportive for bonds, because there had been pressure particularly in the front end of the curve.
 But no sensible person during that time told them to give up because the matter was settled.
 The delivery of the statement of objections in July was a surprise because banks were still responding to an EU request for information that had an October deadline, four people familiar with the case said.
 Analyst Oswaldo Alcantara Telles Filho said that the higher costs were driven primarily by a lack of rain that forced the company to buy more expensive power from thermal plants because less hydropower was available.
 “The fact that the government is once again considering an additional share placement instead of a sale to a strategic investor, is negative for sentiment because it creates a share overhang risk,” Vladimir Dorogov, an analyst at Alfa Bank, said by phone from Moscow.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Leading Indicator Pending home sales are considered a leading indicator because they track contract signings in advance of actual transactions, which are tabulated a month or two later.
 Capital spending may suffer as well, he added, because credit tends to tighten three quarters before the expenditures slump.
” The Times published the stories revealing the police officer because it was in the public interest, Harding said.
 “The probability of Yapi Kredi selling is high because their main peer, Garanti, also sold their insurance unit to Eureko and because they have one of the lowest capital adequacy ratios in our market, so they’ve been talking about some kind of liquidation.
 While the details of the sale are still under discussion, the company may raise about $1 billion by listing the unit, known as Cemex Latam Holdings SA, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 This more muted response is because Canada has relatively little direct exposure to these export markets.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy , a spokesman said as the figures were released.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The suspensions may be short-lived because the average spot price for the most expensive ingredient in making solar panels rose 9 percent since mid-December from a decade low.
 The decline in the price of the raw material has been steeper than the 47 percent decrease for panels last year because polysilicon plants have higher operating costs, particularly for electricity.
 The coalition, which includes Partnership Africa Canada, won’t be allowed into the area because it boycotted a Kimberley Process meeting in the Democratic Republic of Congo last year, state-owned ZBC said .
 A cut in interest rates is “not very likely” this year because real deposit rates continue to be negative, he said.
 is going through a very difficult time right now and the environment is much more challenging, hence, our focus is on the Middle East and Malaysia because we think that those markets have better growth prospects,” HSBC Amanah’s Hussain said.
 Under the terms of its deal, Smithfield has 30 days to continue talks with possible bidders Bangkok-based Charoen Pokphand Foods Pcl (CPF) and Sao Paulo-based JBS SA (JBSS3) , according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
 And it's about time: Over the last five years, I've been frustrated to watch Obama's economic team because less and less, well, economic.
 The inherent conflict banks face between executing client orders and profiting from their own trades is exacerbated because most currency trading takes place away from exchanges.
 With those conditions waning, volatility has increased, which is negative for the carry trade because it depends on predictable interest rates across jurisdictions.
 The amount of revenue from corporate taxes has been declining since the 1950s because loopholes and preferences keep multiplying.
 The World Bank has to be primarily, in my view, about growth because without growth you cannot develop health and education.
 In this case, the assets were TruPS, securities typically issued by banks that counted as capital for regulatory purposes because they rank between common stock and senior debt in a bankruptcy.
 This is problematic, because Greece has a deadline in June to detail how it will make budget cuts worth an additional 5.
 Republicans say the ads are timely and effective because high gasoline prices put Obama on defense at the onset of the general election.
 20 that investment should grow because companies need to boost their competitiveness and can take advantage of a stronger dollar to buy new imported machinery after cutting back during the global recession.
 Mobile-phone companies said rules aren’t needed because companies give customers ways to track use of data, voice and text features.
 “If they buy too much, I think there’s a real chance that rates are going to rise because people are worried about inflation,” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist at Pierpont Securities LLC in Stamford, Connecticut.
 Lawyers for Deutsche Bank, which isn’t under investigation, gave prosecutors official documents on the trade, including contracts, said one of the people who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 It’s a thriving business, largely because minor-league teams, unlike some in the majors, haven’t suffered much in the recession, Bloomberg Businessweek reports in its June 28 edition.
11, in part because customers in its U.
