 We at Goldman represent unique clusters of DNA; if we bear some faint surface resemblance to one another, and to creatures from the 24th century, it is only because our superior powers of reasoning lead us to hold in our minds exactly the same thoughts, at exactly the same time.
 Cuban needs expedited approval because he must close the sale by Aug.
 Credit Suisse analyst Chris Ceraso wrote that “Nissan could be a winner” because it offered deals such as zero-percent financing on Maxima and Sentra sedans.
 “Thank God Ford is having the increases they are because the economic conditions are still really tough,” said Boeckmann, whose dealership is Ford’s top seller in the U.
 The agent says bonuses should be part of the confirmation hearing because some executives were found by the examiner to have engaged in misconduct with regard to the leveraged buyout.
 Dillard’s contends it is entitled to terminate the lease because the mall is half vacant and in disrepair.
 The second attached chart shows prices may retreat from $7,615 because copper has fallen below a trend of higher prices since at least March 2009, Jones said.
, a unit of the world’s largest automaker, said he’s favoring 10- year notes because their yields are higher.
 ‘Static Kill’ Delayed The new numbers could be used to help determine how much London-based BP is penalized because federal law requires that companies that spill oil into the ocean pay a per-barrel fine.
 “I’m generally very optimistic that we’ll be able to close a deal because from a business point of view, it really makes sense for us and for them.
 “We’re short European bonds at these levels simply because we think the market has rallied a lot,” said Mohit Kumar , a fixed-income strategist at Deutsche Bank in London.
 The independent ethics office said Waters told another lawmaker about the request by OneUnited officials to set up the meeting, and that she said she was in a predicament because her husband was involved with the bank.
 “Markets go up because they expect further easing measures and maybe further stimulus,” Faber said.
 Turner , a DuPont spokesman, said in a statement that Weber’s ruling “is very important because it vacated that part of his January 15, 2010, decision which concluded that there was an implied prohibition in our Roundup Ready license on stacking.
 “Once I picked it up because I thought I knew the number, and I’m like live on the Mancow show,” he said.
 That’s because legislation passed in February allows the state to postpone some expenditures instead of having to issue IOUs as it did in 2009, said David Blair , a municipal debt analyst for Pacific Investment Management Co.
 Tax-Exempt Demand Yields on California bonds are also being kept low because investor demand for tax-exempt bonds that has pushed the rates on all municipal debt to historic lows, Blair said.
 Euro Gains Gold’s gains were limited because some investors sold the metal and purchased euros.
 Ingabire, leader of the opposition United Democratic Forces, says she has been unable to register as a candidate for the elections because she has been under house arrest.
 “We’re still going to have continued heat, and that makes for shorter” supplies because hogs take longer to reach market-ready weight during hot weather, he said.
 “There are still a lot of guys out there looking for yield, which makes emerging markets the flavor of the month because the developed world is still in a bit of trouble.
 RBS has reached an agreement to sell the outlets, most of which were formerly part of Williams & Glyn’s, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 During two days of hearings earlier this year, FCIC members questioned whether the investment bank deliberately discounted prices to push markets lower because it had bet on a decline in the value of subprime mortgage-backed debt.
 Lower Saxony may seek to raise 200 million euros ($264 million) by selling the surplus stock, said the official, who asked not to be identified because the plan is confidential and no final decision has been made.
 No decision has yet been made and Meditel is holding similar discussions with other companies, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “One of the councilors ruled out other options, because they could insinuate or suggest a change in diagnosis or vision about the pace at which the rate would be normalized.
 “When everything was going great, we wouldn’t even look at the parking authority because we were happy and satisfied with whatever money they gave us,” Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado , who was elected in November, said in an interview.
 Can’t answer that one because Mississippi Chancellor Daniel W.
 Muto said he doesn’t expect the currency to continue strengthening because interest-rate gaps between Japan and U.
 October options are best because Stoxx Ltd.
, Asia’s second- largest power producer, may be able to start work on delayed projects because the government plans to amend its gas supply policy to allow state-owned companies to start projects before securing supplies, the Economic Times reported citing a government official it didn’t identify.
 It’s difficult to estimate price declines because no one is willing to buy properties, she said.
 The firm, which manages $8 billion in assets, expects the euro’s advance from a four-year low on June 7 to come undone by September, partly because European austerity programs will start to weigh on growth.
 “I’m not sure the dry spell will be enough to solve it because there are quite a lot of trucks lined up down there,” Oliveira said today.
” Sugar has jumped 16 percent in the past month, in part because the logjam is paring global supplies.
 Approval of the changes may prevent violence at subsequent elections because the new constitution tackles issues at the core of conflict in Kenya, said Omweri Angima, program officer at the Nairobi-based Center for Multiparty Democracy.
html Orascom Telecom Holding SAE’s unit in Algeria is facing difficulties buying SIM cards because the central bank has frozen its accounts and money transfers, El Khabar newspaper reported today, citing unidentified people.
” It is also unfair for Slovakia to be asked to help bail out Greece because Slovakia had to make deep structural changes in its economy without any aid, Miklos said.
 Weakening Dinar The falling dinar is a concern for the central bank because it may threaten its inflation target, set in a band for 2010 between 4 percent to 8 percent.
” ‘Daisy Chain’ An incomplete agreement can lead to a “daisy chain” of unsettled trades because a broker-dealer acting as a buyer in one transaction may fail to deliver those bonds as a seller in another, according to Alexander Yavorsky, a senior analyst at Moody’s Investors Service in New York .
” The Fed was willing to accept some trading disruptions as a byproduct of its mortgage-bond purchases because its primary aim was to bolster the housing market by reducing financing costs and help the economy emerge from the deepest recession since the Great Depression, according to Yavorsky.
 Don’t Deliver Broker-dealers have let trades go uncompleted in part because record-low interest rates have reduced the economic costs of failing to make good on those agreements.
 “It may not be easy for Gulf countries to lead sukuk issuance because real estate, the most trusted underlying asset for sukuk, is in crisis in the region,” Pervez Said , chief executive officer of Dawood Islamic Bank Ltd.
 “It’s helpful that it’s a longer term deal because it adds to the predictability of the retransmission consent revenue stream,” DiClemente, who recommends holding the shares, said in an interview.
 The Bryans, who have won eight doubles majors, said in an interview in Monte Carlo in April that mark is within their reach because doubles players tend to peak in their mid-30s.
 Labor’s “presidential” campaign is a “disaster” because they underestimated Abbott, said Economou.
 Muto said he doesn’t expect the currency to keep rising because interest-rate differentials between Japan and U.
 (JETIN IN): The nation’s largest airline has no plans to restructure any debt because it mostly has long-term, low-interest loans for aircraft purchases, the Business Standard reported, citing a senior company executive it didn’t identify.
 (NATP IN): Asia’s second-largest power producer may be able to start work on delayed projects because the government plans to amend its gas supply policy to allow state- owned companies to start projects before securing supplies, the Economic Times reported, citing a government official it didn’t identify.
 “That dream is gone because he took something to treat acne.
 While tapping central bank profits to meet spending needs may spur inflation, the government’s decision to put off the international debt sale is “right” because it will help set benchmark borrowing costs for Argentine provinces and companies, said former central bank President Javier Gonzalez Fraga in a July 30 phone interview in Buenos Aires.
 Agliotti has said that it was “an assisted suicide” carried out at Kebble’s request because he feared going to jail.
 because those markets are set to grow faster, Charles Johnston , the unit’s president, said in April.
 The firm, which manages $8 billion in assets, expects the euro’s advance from a four-year low on June 7 to come undone by September, partly because European austerity programs will start to weigh on growth.
 Why should we not have somebody really professional, just because there are disagreements.
 An agreement may be reached within the next 10 days, one of the people said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 The independent ethics office said Waters told another lawmaker about the request by OneUnited officials to set up the meeting, and that she said she was in a predicament because her husband was involved with the bank.
 They’ve been hampered in efforts to meet that goal due to shortages because sugar mills prefer to supply the liquor, chemical and other industries where they can earn higher prices.
 “Jobcentre Plus will no longer advertise jobs that involve the direct sexual stimulation of others because publicly funded services should not be a conduit to this work,” the Department for Work and Pensions said in a statement on its website today.
 Mitsui has decided to write off the investment because the well is not expected to produce revenue in the future, Nikkei said.
 However, those who make a rational choice not to buy find themselves getting penalized because prices keep going higher.
 Credit default swaps for Petrobras shouldn’t be viewed in isolation because oil companies with deep water exposure have seen these contracts rise following the BP Plc spill in April, according to an e-mailed statement from the press department at Petrobras.
98 after the United Arab Emirates said yesterday it will suspend BlackBerry e-mail services from October because the company encrypts its messages.
 Aramco faces pressure on prices because later-dated supplies of Dubai are at a premium to prompt cargoes, a market situation called contango.
 “I suspect that Aramco will cut the price of Extra Light because the spread of fuel oil and gasoil has narrowed.
 will proceed because the deal made more sense to Newcrest than Barrick, Halverson said.
 to examine the feasibility of a takeover, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because talks are private.
 “I don’t think it’s a financial stability issue to the same extent that, say, mortgage debt was in the last crisis because most of it is held not by financial institutions but by the federal government,” Bernanke said of student debt in Washington on Aug.
 “It’s good for GGP shareholders because it eliminates this overhang down the road.
 Few online-marketing companies have held IPOs in recent years, mainly because Google Inc.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “The 10-year maturity is very important because it completes the yield curve and so completes our process of returning to bond markets.
 While, the risk of post default sales, from money market mutual funds and other counterparties that hold the securities used as collateral for the repos, is primary because such transactions are exempt from a bankruptcy regulation that typically prevents creditors from immediately taking possession of assets.
” While the Volcker rule hasn’t taken effect because regulators are still working out details, some banks have already closed proprietary trading desks.
 Dotcom and Megaupload were indicted in Virginia because they leased servers in the state.
 Debt Burden “The way the stock has run up has been excessive because nothing has really changed,” said Harit Shah, an analyst with Nirmal Bang Equities Ltd.
 “If you don’t offer a credible plan to cut spending, the IMF may advise Serbia to raise taxes, but that’s not a solution either because higher taxes force companies into the shadow economy.
 The DEA reviewed Belviq because the agency said the active ingredient, lorcaserin, can produce a high or hallucinogen effect at doses greater than those used to produce weight loss.
 The bank may dismiss or relocate seven in London and one in Dubai, said the people, asking not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Miller, who has a market perform rating on Bank of America shares, said the MBIA settlement isn’t “very meaningful” because the stakes were smaller.
 Thorn Removed Einhorn’s comments are probably welcome at Apple, because the hedge-fund manager had called for more payouts, said Gene Munster , an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos.
” Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, the pound’s most accurate forecaster, sees the currency’s gains as an opportunity to sell because the next central bank governor will probably expand monetary easing to kick start the economy.
1 million figure exaggerates the size of the spill, because it includes substances other than oil.
 A TSA official told investigators the agency will no longer deploy so-called Auto EDS units because newer machines do the job faster and take up less room at the airport.
 Photos in the report of unused storage space are misleading because the agency was intentionally reducing the equipment stored at the location with the lease expiring, Halinski said.
 The government will resist the “cheap popularity” that subsidies provide because this will become too expensive, Chikwanda said in an interview today in Lusaka, the capital.
 “Renewed public protests could make coalition formation more difficult because the key concerns of protesters have not yet been sufficiently addressed and the public views coalitions with suspicion.
” While the Lap-Band is favored by some because it is adjustable, reversible, easy to implant and less expensive than other approaches, doctors have been raising concerns over the past several years about its effectiveness and the risks of the procedure.
 “This came out better than our expectation because these sales were done before the gold market rout in April when more people rushed to buy gold,” Song Qing, fund manager at Lion Fund Management Co.
 People buy the guns because they want to scare others.
 As you might expect, the countries that tried it found it ill-suited to curbing chronic inflation, because evasion, distortions and anomalies built up over time.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “They got the lower end because buyers saw the deterioration of the company.
 Reller , CFO of the Windows unit, and Hood, her counterpart at the business division, are front-runners to succeed Peter Klein, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the search is private.
 because each municipality has different rules.
 And if ordinary politics won’t do the trick, going to the courts may be the best option -- because it is the only one.
 Analysts are still bullish because while supplies of metals from aluminum to copper are exceeding demand, Barclays Plc and Morgan Stanley expect a fourth consecutive year of tin shortages.
 That pace is unlikely to continue beyond June because smelters usually respond to price slumps by curbing shipments, new quality standards start in the third quarter and producers have been reducing stockpiles, according to Morgan Stanley.
 Camilla’s presence in Parliament’s unelected upper chamber when the monarch announced the government’s legislative program is significant because it demonstrates Elizabeth has accepted her, according to Hugo Vickers, author of books on the royals including “Coronation.
 Profit at the office sales and leasing business fell 26 percent last fiscal year because Mitsubishi Estate had a one- time-gain from the sale of Akasaka Park Building the previous year, which generated 60.
, the world’s top exporter last year, because winter-wheat collection will be later than normal.
 So did members of the largest party, the National Forces Alliance, even though their leader Mahmoud Jibril may be forced to resign because he was an economic adviser under Qaddafi.
” Waters today dropped her support for the measure because she is waiting for regulators to complete Dodd-Frank rule-writing.
 operations, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 A Berlin court struck down eight of 15 provisions in Apple’s general data-use terms because they deviate too much from German laws, a consumer group said in a statement on its website today.
 and Italy , the person said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 A contract to acquire the 750,000-square-foot (70,000- square-meter) building is likely to be completed soon, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “It’s been a huge overhang on the stock, especially because they are investing so much money on the Horizon expansion,” Michael Dunn , analyst with FirstEnergy Capital Corp.
 “The worry is that profits will start dropping because too much capacity being put in negatively impacts pricing.
 That’s in part because contract disputes and regulatory reversals in the past led companies, including Frankfurt , Germany-based Fraport AG, to leave the country.
 “The low investment share is because past economic growth has depended more on services that are less capital intensive than industry,” said Norio Usui, senior country economist for the Philippines at the Asian Development Bank in Manila.
 “I’m lucky because companies prioritize applicants from top schools.
 The panel said in a March report that the bank dodged regulators and misled investors amid souring bets by trader Bruno Iksil, dubbed the London Whale because his positions were so big.
 Navy leaders were warned last year that a $37 billion program to build Littoral Combat Ships can’t meet its promised mission because the vessels are too lightly manned and armed, according to a confidential report.
 It remains relevant today because its findings, and those of three other internal reviews, formed the nucleus of an “LCS Council” that Greenert set up last year to improve the program.
 Mobile users are more costly for Pandora because some of the ad inventory goes unfilled, cutting into revenue while music royalties add up.
 Victims have said they’re afraid of coming forward, partly because they feared a risk their career.
-style corporate governance nor enjoys visiting London because each trip means enduring 13 hours inside a plane without a cigarette.
 Frank said by year-end he expects to attract $1 billion of new commitments to the firm’s strategic credit segment, which has raised $900 million to invest in stressed companies typically ignored by the distressed-debt team because they offered lower-than-targeted returns.
 They were dubbed dirt bonds because they were secured by levies and special assessments on land.
 Some members are skeptical about a deal because of differences in valuation for 3 Italia, the people said, asking not to be named because the discussions are private.
5 percent since March 2011 and is reluctant to increase it because there is a risk higher borrowing costs will further boost the New Zealand currency, damaging exports.
 “We may not roar as much as some people might, because this is one of the many businesses we have and we drive it for the benefit of the investing customers and also the issuing customers.
 Moody’s has “actively lowered” municipal ratings because credit risk has increased, the company said.
 “I can’t say that I will be back next year because I enjoyed my year out,” O’Sullivan told the British Broadcasting Corp.
 “You cannot afford to do that against a player of his caliber because he is just unbelievable.
 Confidence in Numbers In response, Dish told the board it was confident in its cost-savings projections because the two parties had discussed a combination in the past, providing insight into Sprint’s operations, one person said.
 Citing a report from Franklin Court Partners LLC, the company said it would be harder for Dish to find cost savings in part because the two merger partners would be so dissimilar.
 “In the end, there’s not much left for the shareholders, because no extraordinary result was achieved with the sale.
 No Work Mission and its employees lied about its fees, taking thousands of dollars from funds that its customers had set aside because they believed the money would be used to pay creditors, according to the indictment.
32 million barrels a day in April, about 180,000 barrels more than in March, the person said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
” Demand for Beijing Tong Ren Tang’s offering was expected to be strong because the parent company granted preferential shares to qualified existing stockholders, limiting the stock available to other investors, Sun said.
 Wider Struggle While most member states favor backloading, they are short of the 255 votes needed in the EU weighted-ballot system to approve the proposal because several nations, including Germany, remain undecided.
 “The 10-year maturity is a very important maturity because it completes the yield curve and so completes our process of returning to bond markets and normalizes our access to markets,” Portuguese Finance Minister Vitor Gaspar told reporters in Brussels.
 The business “was awarded its permits because it was prepared to act decisively and take quick decisions and, unlike most major mining companies, did not view Simandou as a strategic asset for the benefit of its future reserve estimates.
 But Cambodia is a looter's paradise, and its more obscure temples have proved easy prey because they are not guarded.
 Korman today said the change offered little additional benefit to women because they would still be subject to age restrictions, and the youngest would be able to only obtain Teva’s more expensive branded drug rather than generics.
 Of an Englishman, he writes, “The demeanour -- he cannot say quite why -- unmistakably British, perhaps because the hand gestures, while brisk and economic, are in some way inhibited.
 So did members of the largest party, the National Forces Alliance, even though their leader Mahmoud Jibril may be forced to resign because he was an economic adviser under Qaddafi.
 Gary Gorton and Guillermo Ordonez have even argued that "government bonds are net wealth" because they can always be used as collateral.
 It’s also losing customers because it has fewer convenience stores and no Internet grocery service, two of the fastest growing areas in the U.
 defense contractor and made off with some of the country’s most closely guarded technological secrets, according to two former Pentagon officials who asked not to be named because damage assessments of the incidents remain classified.
” Scaling Up Some craft founders may be persuaded to sell because they face daunting odds scaling up in a market so overwhelmingly dominated by mega-brewers, which have a lock on distribution.
 Santorum also wasn’t as reflexively anti-union as some Republicans, perhaps because he waged his first House campaign in 1990 in a Democratic-leaning, working-class congressional district in the Pittsburgh area.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Now keep imagining, because for the next few decades, the reality is that roads will more likely be dominated by the same internal-combustion vehicles our grandparents drove.
 A: There are various applications, but the interest is most intense with regard to commercial vehicles, because they use so much fuel.
 But because our engine is a two-stroke and has a power density advantage, the engine can be smaller -- in heavy truck, medium truck and light-duty vehicles -- and in every instance without having to re-architect the vehicle.
 Santorum is urging Republicans not to settle for someone who doesn’t share their beliefs on such issues as ending abortions and cutting government spending just because they think that person can beat Obama this year.
25 percent, according to a person with direct knowledge of the sale who declined to be identified because the details are private.
 Anwar didn’t run in March 2008 general elections because a corruption conviction barred him from holding office until April of that year.
9 million flagship Boyer Allan Pacific Fund (BOYAPAC) , said the person who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 After September, the investor and the fund’s co-managers also differed on investment philosophies, the person said The Greater China-focused fund generated positive returns in 2011 through August, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The Volt is being investigated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration because its batteries caught on fire in the weeks following three government crash tests.
25 percent, according to a person who declined to be identified because the details are private.
, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, and Royal Bank of Scotland Plc are arranging the sale, according to a person familiar with the transaction who didn’t want to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Foreign policy came under strain as well, partly because the country's main rival for territory and markets, the United Kingdom , was also its major creditor.
 “But they served because I had a right to pick them and a right to unpick them.
 “It’s a common misconception to think that North Korea has a weak military because the country is impoverished,” said Lee, who cited public data and information from governments including the U.
 “The reason we’re taking these stakes is because we see a lot of value,” Vasudeva told reporters in New Delhi.
 “It’s probably a slight negative because I think the best outcome for Yahoo would be an all out takeover by Microsoft,” said Gabelli’s Harriss, who is based in Rye, New York and recommends buying the shares.
 The commission’s findings lacked details, “opening the door to increased patronage and cronyism” because the proposals could lead the state to rely more on private contractors, Brynien said.
 (KBC) “It can’t be sufficient because that is going to be determined by events outside our control.
 The shares have also suffered because the new tax rules make it less likely that Storebrand will merge with Gjensidige Forsikring ASA, according to Vegard Eid Mediaas, an Oslo-based analyst at Pareto Securities AS.
 Falling Gas Prices Gas accounted for about 82 percent of the company’s production (EP) in 2010, assets that fetch far less today because prices have fallen precipitously, Carl Kirst , an analyst with Bank of Montreal in Houston, said in a telephone interview today.
 Elpida and other makers of the most-common chip in computers lost a combined $14 billion in the past three years, in part because prices plunged to a record low last year.
 ‘Destructive’ Socialism “I ran because I believe that, since day one, Barack Obama’s policies, based on socialism, are destructive to the very foundation of the republic,” said Bachmann, who often told voters that she had a “titanium spine” when it came to protecting Republican ideals.
 While most of the animals were infected by the sixth exposure, that doesn’t mean the same would be seen in humans because the virus used in the trial was about 100 times more infectious than that to which humans are typically exposed, Barouch said.
 31 quake because before March, there was no recorded seismic activity in the city.
” The Indian government hasn’t yet decided whether to proceed with the plan because of concerns about the possible impact on transportation, said the civil aviation ministry official, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 5 in New York , said the person, who declined to be identified because terms are private.
 Santorum is urging Republicans not to settle for someone who doesn’t share their beliefs on such issues as ending abortions and cutting government spending just because they think that person can beat Obama this year.
 JPMorgan has argued that the case needs a district judge because it raises legal issues beyond the jurisdiction of a bankruptcy judge, who can’t rule on matters including Lehman’s allegation that JPMorgan caused monetary damage to failing Lehman in 2008.
 (IHS) “Initially, this looks like a pretty low number because it does not fully reflect the value of the assets Exxon lost,” Brinker said Jan.
 The companies asked the state Supreme Court to overturn the verdict, saying Smith County Circuit Judge Eddie Bowen had a conflict of interest because his parents had asbestos legal claims, including one against Union Carbide.
 Tenet is one of the “worst-positioned” to negotiate payment rates, because it has on average only about 7 percent of the share in its primary markets, the Citigroup report said.
 “It’s probably a slight negative because I think the best outcome for Yahoo would be an all out takeover by Microsoft,” said Gabelli’s Harriss, who is based in Rye, New York and recommends buying the shares.
” Tax Advantages Banks have used TruPS because they could count them as a portion of their capital and deduct the interest payments from their tax bills.
 TruPS can be bought through conventional and electronic brokers, though they may be difficult to find online because their symbols can vary from system to system, he said.
 Federal Trade Commission because the combination will have more leverage to negotiate lower prices for consumers, according to Tullett Prebon Plc.
 Oscar Gruss’ Kavaler says that Express Scripts’ bid for Medco doesn’t present the same level of antitrust concern as AT&T’s failed takeover of T-Mobile USA because the prescription- benefits management industry is more vulnerable to new entrants and existing rivals still provide enough competition to counter the increased market share.
 We disagree, and not just because the immediate costs of an exit would be enormous.
 The European Central Bank bought Portuguese government bonds, according to two people with knowledge of the transactions, who declined to be identified because the deals are private.
 Drilling pre-salt wells is technically challenging because the deposits lie below a layer of salt, which is difficult to penetrate and identify potential oil fields .
 The board last month lost the quorum needed to make decisions because only two of its five positions were filled.
 ‘High-Roller Move’ Making Cordray the test case is “a high-roller move,” said Elwood, who was deputy assistant attorney general in Bush’s administration, because Cordray is likely to take high-profile actions that can be challenged in court.
 It’s a good reminder to investors that no matter how smart you think you are, or how well you have it all thought out, it pays to diversify because you could be wrong.
 It is useful to know when issuers are dipping into reserves because it is a warning sign, but that’s what reserves are for.
 “We will continue to hear about personnel changes at Peugeot every few months simply because they will try everything to turn things around,” said Juergen Pieper , a Frankfurt-based analyst with Bankhaus Metzler, who recommends selling Peugeot shares.
 “This year won’t be a good year for them because their key markets -- those in southern Europe -- remain weak.
 The Istanbul-based broker reduced its overweight call for Turkish stocks to hold and is more optimistic for bonds because Turkey offers highest interest rates among emerging markets after Brazil, the broker said in a written statement distributed to reporters at a conference.
” Obama administration officials said the president made the appointment because Republicans refused to let the Senate hold a simple majority vote on the nomination.
 Perry “lacks standing to assert an injury arising from the inability to circulate his own petitions because there is no averment that he stood ready, willing and able to circulate his own petitions and there is no basis for concluding that he would have collected a sufficient number of valid signatures,” the state said in yesterday’s filing.
” With Penny gone, David declares that “masturbation is an improvement on the real thing because you can think of anything.
 (BSAN) Latin Consumer “We are very interested in the Latin American consumer because in almost every measure they have incredible potential to grow,” he said.
 “We are able to recommend all of this because the economy has shown welcome improvement,” Hickenlooper, a Democrat, said in the statement .
 We live by the solar calendar, but our grandparents marked their days on a lunar year, because it was then important to know the amount of moonlight available.
 The EU is considering plans to apply capital adequacy rules designed for insurers to pension funds, a move that will penalize investments in private-equity funds because they are illiquid, said the Brussels-based lobby group, which represents about 850 firms.
 Pension funds, which have accounted for a third of funds raised by European firms since 2006, would follow insurers and lenders in selling private equity assets because those holdings would become too expensive to hold under the new rules, the EVCA said.
 The banks aim to expand the size of the lead group to a total of five to eight lenders to spread the risk of the facility, said the person who spoke today, declining to be identified because the details are private.
 “To be sure, we don’t see a recession coming in Latin America if the European crisis remains contained, but weaker growth is clearly in the cards, not least because confidence and commodity prices have been falling.
 ESL Partners produced average annual returns of about 25 percent during its first 14 years, according to two people familiar with the fund who requested anonymity because the information is confidential.
 “The banks have got to take advantage of any solidity in the markets because the level of funding they have to do is scary,” said Alison Murdoch, a credit strategist at Ria Capital in Edinburgh.
 “It’s natural to kick off 2012 with the Philippines bond because it has a wide global audience,” said Scott Bennett , head of Asian credit at Aberdeen Asset Management, who oversees $1.
html I hadn't been offline for more than a few hours in two and a half years — and only then because I was on safari in Botswana and had no choice.
 because not all automakers had reported results, the Woodcliff Lake , New Jersey-based company said yesterday in an e-mailed statement.
 “ Home prices extended the downward falling tendency, but didn’t fall aggressively, because many developers have already achieved sales targets,” said Peter Bai Hongwei, a Beijing- based property analyst at China International Capital Corp.
 I am devastated because my actions have let so many people down.
 “The five substantive securities fraud counts in the indictment, because they stem from just two purported unlawful acts, repeatedly charge what are, at most, two alleged offenses,” according to the filing yesterday.
 Doing so will help improve the company’s credit profile because much of its debt is associated with the unit and its midstream pipeline business, McClendon said on the call.
html Allianz SE (ALV) , which insured Poly Implants Protheses SA between 2005 and 2010, said the contract with the French breast-implant maker is invalid because the company gave false information, the Financial Times Deutschland reported today.
 ‘No More Credibility’ “Investors are willing to see a new management on board because the current one has no more credibility,” Desmaretz said.
 Avoiding Mistakes Smith, the pollster, said New Hampshire’s penchant for upsets hasn’t usually reared its head unless “you’ve had a second-place candidate who either has strong momentum from a win in Iowa , or because they had a really strong organization and campaign in New Hampshire.
 “We won because we controlled the game in terms of what we wanted to do, we wouldn’t let them play,” Newcastle manager Alan Pardew told Sky Sports.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 While returns are attractive enough to spur higher output of the fuel, farmers are reluctant to sell because the drought reduced supplies of corn, Wilson said.
, the government-owned power supplier, proposed that First Quantum build the line and that proposal has been accepted by the company, the person said, asking not to be identified because an official announcement is yet to be made.
 CP Foods, which is based in Bangkok, and Sao Paulo-based JBS were preparing bids for Smithfield before it agreed to Shuanghui’s offer, said people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
 “We have no administrative staff on this job because all the papers get filed electronically,” she said.
” Gains are difficult to measure because the technology spread during a major construction downturn, she said.
 The people familiar with the talks asked not to be named because the discussions are confidential.
 Students are turning to private loans because government programs, which typically have more favorable terms, don’t always provide enough money to pay for the skyrocketing cost of college.
” For now, Sallie Mae should prosper because tuition continues to rise, said Scott Valentin , an analyst with FBR Capital Markets in Arlington, Virginia.
 The sanctions barred coverage for 95 percent of the global fleet because London-based underwriters arrange most of the insurance.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Rousseff had agreed with the need for the central bank, which accelerated the pace of interest rate increases this week, to adopt a more aggressive tone against inflation, said the official, who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to discuss the issue publicly.
 As Subir Bhaumik wrote in a piece in 2010: The best books on the Maoist problem -- in particular works in the last five years by Arundhati Roy , Sudeep Chakravarti and Satnam -- are worth reading because they demonstrate how knotty the problem is, establish what historical and economic frames illuminate it best, and suggest what citizens can attempt to do to keep Indian democracy and the establishment honest.
 “And the liquidity is still good because the returns have been there and demand is still there.
 “They’re going to continue to focus on buying the things that they need, because they do live on a fixed budget and as fluctuations occur in the economy or as unexpected things happen like payroll tax increases or whatever, that causes them to spend less on more discretionary items.
 Utah, Jordan Eesti Energia still plans to build refineries in Utah and Jordan , as part of its operations there, because the different composition of their shale oils would not allow unrefined products to be sold, Liive said.
 China’s challenge is even greater because more children are moving away from home and declining fertility means the elderly will have fewer people to support them, the report said.
 The administration says it opposes the House measure, because it fails to lock in lower rates.
 Legislators turned attention to the technique because California may hold 15.
 “I think the fans are going to come out and are going to support these guys because they have earned it.
 “There’s going to be a little bit of heat on them when they come back because the team has played so well with these extra guys,” said Bowa, a former Philadelphia Phillies manager who was a coach with the Yankees in 2006-07.
 The company is seeking to conclude talks by the end of June so it can present a financing plan to its annual shareholder meeting, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Advisers Hired A group of loan holders hired Blackstone Group LP as financial adviser and Kirkland & Ellis LLP as their legal counsel, said three people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 ‘New Dot-Coms’ The contenders are paying the application price because new domain names can be used to lure consumers, Jeremiah Johnston, general counsel for Cologne, Germany-based Sedo Holding AG’s Sedo.
 Funding Warning Moon said the improvement in Medicare resulted from a combination of “the economy, the fact that the new people on the Medicare rolls are swelling it but they are healthier because they are younger, and some of the reforms are starting to kick in.
 The department has jurisdiction because Keystone would cross the border with Canada .
 The 5-gallon size is best because it gives a beetle enough room to flee if another beetle tries to kill it, a good precaution since “inter-beetle predation” goes against the whole point of the bug relocation program in the first place.
 If designations are made, “it will be a fairly momentous event because it will be the culmination of a very important part of Dodd-Frank and the exercise of this authority.
 “At their current course it would be a very small number, because it has taken them this long on the first ones,” she said.
 Sun is talking with banks to arrange funding, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is confidential.
5 billion, is also looking to invest in onshore government bonds through the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor program because the yields are more attractive, Yeo said.
 China will push ahead with opening its capital account because current economic conditions are favorable, the PBOC’s Yi said on April 18 in Washington , where finance chiefs from the Group of 20 nations met for talks on issues including exchange rates.
 Israel is reviewing those financial commitments, said the official, who also spoke on the condition of anonymity because talks between the two countries are still under way.
 is proposing that Israel shouldn’t use American aid to maintain its fleet of aging KC-707 aerial refueling tankers because the Pentagon is buying new Boeing Co.
 President Barack Obama because it crosses an international border, would transport about 830,000 barrels a day of crude, crossing six U.
 Decision Expected While the draft State Department review makes no recommendation about building Keystone XL, it found that the conduit doesn’t pose significant environmental risk because oil-sands development would continue without the line.
html Congress should consider slowing funding for the Navy’s Littoral Combat Ship because the Pentagon is buying vessels faster than it can test their design and performance, according to a Government Accountability Office report.
 The company’s operating margin was “low” because it dropped 12 percent in the sunflower-oil segment and 2 percent in the grain segment, Patiota said.
 There are risks of over-reactions and real risks to the stocks because so much of the ownership is made up of retail investors.
 The Dutch retailer had announced in September it was exploring alternatives for its stake because it aimed to focus on the businesses that it controls.
 M&A Opportunities “I don’t expect much on Tuesday because I think management wants to give themselves more time to look at opportunities,” De Boer said in a phone interview.
 “We’ve got to wake up and realize we need developers because they are the agents for home buyers.
 The central bank is reluctant to raise interest rates to curb property prices because that may stoke demand for the currency, hurting exports.
” Auckland Accord Developers are welcoming the government’s approach in Auckland because it will help break an impasse with planners, Smith said, citing meetings with units of Fletcher Building Ltd.
 “Activity is higher because OPEC is gradually turning up the taps to supply refineries that are coming back from seasonal maintenance.
 The EU sanctions introduced last year barred 95 percent of the global fleet from conducting business in Iran because London-based underwriters arrange most of the insurance.
 “They don’t have the intervention tools and they shouldn’t use them because again the G-20 will get really annoyed.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Some organizations, including the New York Times, AP, Reuters and CBS News , declined to participate in the first meeting May 30 because the Justice Department insisted that the discussion be off-the-record.
 Holder recused himself from the AP probe because he was interviewed by the FBI as part of it.
 Flavin insisted that a contractor relocate a fire sprinkler that was off by an inch because he knew it would matter to his father.
 After planting 830 acres this year, he expects to idle the remaining muddy fields because the farm got as much as 7 inches of rain this week.
 The school, based in New Brunswick, wasn’t surprised by the downgrade because it is combining its debt with that of a university rated Baa1, the third-lowest investment grade, according to a statement from Greg Trevor, a spokesman.
 CVC is seeking to hold a first close of the fund at about 7 billion euros before July 22, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 (ENB) ’s Northern Gateway bitumen pipeline because project plans fail to address the risk of spills on land or sea.
 Kingfisher’s lessors sought to repossess aircraft after payment defaults and the nation’s state-owned Airports Authority of India sued the airline because it failed to pay 3 billion rupees of airport fees.
 Los Angeles-based Hulu’s board has been weighing at least seven buyout offers and plans to narrow those to three or four in a few weeks, said the people, who requested anonymity because the deliberations are private.
 Lafley, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter is private.
 “The most exposed is Tim, we believe, because it derives the largest portion of its revenue from mobile,” he said in a telephone interview from New York .
 The prison’s solitary confinement section is known as the “dead area,” or the “dead zone,” because security officers avoid the area, according to the complaint.
 Other prisoners defecate into bags and food trays because their toilets do not work, creating a cesspool.
 I will say that Rahm, my brother, who actually knows something about marketing and political sales, has, you know, a really good important point on this is that you really have to go after their mothers, because their mothers want them to have coverage, their mothers want to protect them, and they’ll listen to their mothers.
 HUNT: I’ll tell my wife, because my daughter is not listening to me so far.
 “You really have to go after their mothers, because their mothers want them to have coverage, their mothers want to protect them, and they’ll listen to their mothers,” said Emanuel, crediting the idea to his brother, Chicago Mayor and former White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel.
 Iran , which dropped to the fifth rank in the group because its exports have been curbed by U.
” Lemco said he favors Saskatchewan and Manitoba as economies with steady growth and Ontario and Quebec because among Canadian provinces their bonds are easiest to trade.
22 euros set out in offer documents, a person with knowledge of the sale said, asking not to be identified because the details are confidential.
 because the ratings are calculated from tests conducted under different driving conditions.
 PulteGroup has 380 employees in Michigan, 54 of which won’t be affected by the move because they work in local homebuilding operations, which will remain in the area.
 “Projects have got deferred because business fundamentals have changed,” Raman said.
 The government also promised press freedom, because as Premier Manuel Azana said , Spain “knows altogether too little of the world, and the world knows too little about us.
 Traders stockpile ore in the fourth quarter because freezing weather disrupts ports in the following three months, said Steve Rodley, London-based managing director of Global Maritime Investments Ltd.
 The new bonds may be rated Baa2, the second-lowest level of investment grade, by Moody’s Investors Service, according to a person familiar with the transaction, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 The number is limited, because black holes are controlling the production line .
 “It will jeopardize the credibility of monetary policy in Serbia in the long run, even if the most competent people were in charge, because there will always be doubt that in a week an entirely different monetary policy will be put in place,” Markovic said in the letter read to the parliamentary speaker.
 The jury also said that the patent is invalid because it covered obvious variations of earlier work.
 “Not for any particular domestic reason, but because the risk backdrop has improved and, on a relative basis, Australian interest rates are still fairly attractive.
 The investment bank was also positioned to profit when the notes failed because it had entered into swap transactions with the noteholders through another affiliated entity, Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
 What matters is how many links a bank has to other institutions, how strong those links are and how risky those other banks are, not least because they too have links to other risky banks.
 Lebedev said he’s already moved some of the evidence of corruption he’s gathered since 2006, including the theft of $1 billion of state pension funds, outside of the country and expects foreign governments to investigate because much of the money was laundered abroad.
 Lebedev may also be charged with money laundering because his bank, National Reserve Bank, is under investigation by the central bank, he said.
 Lebedev, a co-owner of Novaya Gazeta with former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , said the evidence he’s collected “is probably what put me on a collision course with some people in the top echelons, in the law enforcement agencies, because they are very worried.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 According to a report released today by Michael Walkey, a technology-industry analyst with Canaccord Genuity, Apple and Samsung have captured 108 percent of handset industry profits because other competitors are losing money.
5 cents on the dollar, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 That’s because Bain Capital , under Romney as chief executive officer, made about $1 billion in a leveraged buyout 12 years ago that remains controversial in Italy to this day.
 And, because there is no universally accepted definition, it makes it more challenging to embed social and environmental issues into a company’s business strategies.
 The developer’s contracted sales this year will exceed last year because it will start selling more projects in the fourth quarter, Board Secretary Tan Huajie said in the statement.
” Monti isn’t under pressure from Hollande to request international rescue funds and has no plans to meet Draghi today, an Italian government official said, who asked not to be identified because any such discussions would be private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 This debacle highlights a market weakness that regulators have been unable to address because high-frequency trading has raced ahead of the humans who try to contain the mischief it can cause.
 “But that is not practical for the Church” because Aquino has supporters that are both for and against the bill, he said.
 Zaino, whose testimony was met with frequent objections from defense attorneys, said he hadn’t directly participated in the Puerto Rico or Rhode Island deals and knew about them because the group members discussed their work with each other.
 Fund Rollups AMG normally buys mutual funds and hedge funds, which charge higher fees because they manage money directly.
 The notes will be priced to yield 180 basis points above the benchmark midswap rate, the banker said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 Such drugs are especially sought after by some athletes because no tests exist to detect them.
 The deadly shooting at the Colorado movie theater on July 20 probably wasn’t investigated as domestic terrorism because the motivations of the accused killer, James Holmes, appeared to be tied to mental illness, not politics, said Stewart Baker, a former assistant secretary for policy at the Department of Homeland Security .
25 percentage points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “The earnings season has surprised because expectations were so low given the economic soft patch which hit the second quarter,” said James Paulsen , the chief investment strategist at Minneapolis-based Wells Capital Management.
 Buying a chicken offset does far more for gay rights than boycotting the chain because someone asked a business executive so religiously Christian that he insists that the stores be closed on Sunday what he thought about gay marriage and people are pretending to be surprised by the answer.
 The new system replaced airbags used in previous missions to lessen ground impact because Curiosity was too heavy to use them.
 “In men’s boxing, it used to be if you win the Olympics, you could say ’Oh, I’m going go pro’ and a lot more money would be offered because you won the Olympics,” Laila Ali said in a telephone interview.
 My coach said that I must commit all because my opponents were very strong and they could do something until the end.
 Copying the drug is difficult because it is made by cleaving raw heparin, an anticoagulant, with a type of sugar chain, according to court filings.
 Amphastar argued that its use of the patented method was allowable because it was related to submitting information to the U.
 District officials used the tool because the eroding tax base left them short of revenue needed to replace roofs, upgrade power supplies and make other improvements to 20 schools, Assistant Superintendent Luis Ibarra said.
 While banks are seeking jumbo loans for their portfolios, lenders such as Bank of America are shying away from purchasing and reselling new government-backed mortgages partly because the business revolves around adding contracts to service, or manage, outstanding debt.
 Best Buy’s board told Schulze it wasn’t a good time to go private because it was looking for a new CEO, and asked for three more weeks to consider the matter, said this person.
 Imported gasoline cost 22 percent more than domestic fuel in the quarter because the government, which controls Petrobras’s board, fixed prices to rein in inflation, Rozenbaum said.
 “We hold that the district court erred in granting summary judgment to SENA because a jury could reasonably find that SENA and UPM entered into an agreement to raise the price of publication paper, and that, as implemented, this agreement damaged plaintiffs,” U.
 Looking at a one-year snapshot doesn’t make sense given the volatility of financial markets and because public pensions operate over a long period, said Jordan Marks, the executive director of the National Public Pension Coalition, a labor- backed group that supports public pensions.
 Cameron noted in his reply to Mensch that her seat had been Labour for 13 years before her election and that he supported her decision “only because I wish to support you in acting in the best interests of your family, which must come first.
 The officials declined to be identified because the meeting was private.
” They aren’t backward and poor because the Elders of Zion conspire against them.
 “It could work because many people have lost their collateral and might be considered poor credit risks, and women are underutilized and they have skills associated with managing their household finances,” Kingston says.
 Richemont, which reports in euros, said it made the announcement because the Swiss stock exchange requires companies to say when they expect a significant deviation in profit from the year-ago period.
 ‘Quash’ Financing GM intended to “quash any financing or investment deal that could save Saab from liquidation, because GM simply sought to eliminate Saab from competition, particularly in the Chinese automobile market,” Spyker said.
625 percent, 10-year notes on July 18 in the company’s first debt sale in more than three years, increasing the size from $650 million, a person familiar with the transaction said at the time of the deal who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “It’s not easy to buy the paper you want to buy in the secondary market because things have been tight for a while and so that makes the new-issue market the place to put money to work.
 The company borrowed an additional $425 million on the loan it raised in February, said the banker, who didn't want to be identified because the transaction is private.
 When things go wrong, we take responsibility to make it right because we take our service seriously.
 “We’re a little cautious in the short-run because investor psychology is too bullish right now and the market looks stretched,” said Craig Hester, president of Hester Capital Management, which oversees about $1.
 “We try to be somewhat contrarian right now, it’s not a fundamental call on the market because we still believe investors can make money this year and we think we will reach 1,400 on the S&P 500.
 Weidmann faces no significant opposition within the coalition to his nomination as the government’s replacement for Bundesbank President Axel Weber , said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are confidential.
8 billion in assets, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “Our strategic review in 2011 will not be a routine one because the landscape has changed.
 Tchenio refused to merge with the firm’s other offices a decade ago to raise bigger funds because he wanted to focus on medium-sized companies.
 Inadequate, or misleading disclosure of material information is often cited as the reason for filing a class action, or a group, lawsuit on behalf of shareholders, who claim they suffered losses because a stock declined in value, according to the report.
 The company retained a search firm and has approached candidates including Jason Kilar, chief executive officer of Hulu LLC, to gauge interest in becoming head of worldwide operations, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the search is private.
 Americans assume that because it preceded Adolf Hitler , that hyperinflation became part of German genetic memory, and that Germans will always assure the ECB is German in spirit.
” “It’s not as though he is stepping into something that is terribly run because Clorox is not terribly run.
 “They have extra time because rates are low.
 Jones locked it in because he expects rates will rise.
 put options because the maker of computer-graphics chips is likely to retreat after reporting earnings tomorrow, according to Jefferies & Co.
 Lawmakers support the idea because it will provide revenue for the government in addition to reducing emissions, according to Tim Yeo , chairman of Parliament’s Energy and Climate Change Committee.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Sanofi also may make potential additional payments tied to the performance of Genzyme’s multiple sclerosis drug, said the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 Genzyme garners premium prices from insurers and government payers because the therapies provide life-saving benefits.
 “CyberTech is very focused on the lower-end of the market, on small to medium-sized businesses,” Gruber said in a phone interview, “By joining forces we are expanding our product offering and expanding our addressable market, and making a very significant consolidation because CyberTech was a very strong player in this area.
 First Amendment “There are First Amendment implications because information being sought pertains to speech,” said Cindy Cohn, the legal director of the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation , which is representing Jonsdottir.
 “We also think there are Fourth Amendment implications because some of the information reveals location.
 Claren Road The number of such deals is picking up because incentives are rising for both buyers and sellers.
 “Most deals haven’t been very successful in terms of value creation because those involved were not on the same page.
 An agreement is likely to be reached by the end of the second quarter, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The company will not offer farmers a premium on their crops because the price was preset, De Jaegher said.
 Weidmann, 42, has Merkel’s backing for the Bundesbank post and faces no significant opposition from within her coalition, according to two people with knowledge of the discussions who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are confidential.
 “He could have bought them the next day for nothing because Merrill was going to go when Lehman went.
 "We will not go to the Eurobond market this year, simply because we ended 2010 with a larger fiscal reserve than forecast," Djankov said in an interview in Brussels today.
 Judges generally are reluctant to strike down plans just because they are flagrantly partisan or unfair.
 The company offered supplies of Full-Range naphtha from April through March 2012 at a premium of $22 a ton to Middle Eastern benchmark prices of the fuel, the people said, requesting anonymity because the negotiations are confidential.
 “The path toward the euro zone will be easier, because we will be able to show that the fiscal discipline is not only now, but that it will be maintained over time,” Djankov said.
 “We will not go to the Eurobond market this year, simply because we ended 2010 with a larger fiscal reserve than forecast,” Djankov said in the interview.
 The company didn’t provide results for the fourth-quarter of 2009 because it was reorganizing during the period, said Curt Ritter , a CIT spokesman.
 The company ran into government opposition in a 2007 attempt to gain a stake in Telecom Italia SpA and pulled out of a 2005 auction of wireless licenses in Spain because it disagreed with the terms.
 The bank said it expects it to slow again this month before accelerating, partly because the weaker lira increases the price of imported gas and oil.
 iPhone will help the industry because it has led to free promotion of the device.
 Opportunities for savings elsewhere are limited because other European countries that hold stakes in the company insist on receiving a share of work, he said, according to Figaro.
 Brazil, in contrast, may have an overvalued currency because its markets are more open to investors, which creates a challenge for its policy makers.
 “I think tactically for the next few months equities could rise because corporate profits are still strong,” Roubini, who is chairman and co-founder of Roubini Global Economics LLC, said in an interview on CNBC today, when asked for his outlook for the S&P 500.
3 million units in its first fiscal quarter of sales, told investors in October that 7-inch tablets will be “dead on arrival” because the screens are too small, and predicted rivals will increase the size in later versions.
 The plaintiff, Ashot Egiazaryan, a member of Russia ’s lower house of parliament, failed to disclose essential information to the court in the application and failed to prove urgency because 15 months had passed before he filed a complaint, Nicosia District Court President Michalis Christodoulou said today.
 17 event in Allschwil, Switzerland , to the company’s largest shareholders and to research analysts from investment banks, according to the people, who declined to be identified because their discussions with the company were confidential.
 “I think tactically for the next few months equities could rise because corporate profits are still strong,” Roubini, who is chairman and co-founder of Roubini Global Economics LLC, said in an interview on CNBC today, when asked for his outlook for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
, is expanding abroad and shortening the duration of bond holdings because deficit spending and Fed policies may weaken the dollar.
 The performance wasn’t disclosed in company earnings reports because commodity business results include currencies and bonds, the newspaper said.
 “There’s no reason to wait because this kind of reading can influence inflation expectations and wage demands.
 “We don’t want too many storms, because that tends to contribute to excited decision-making,” Agrocorp’s Iyengar said, referring to supply problems influencing governments’ import policies and purchasing volumes.
 Hoarding of agricultural products will intensify, although it will have limited impact on prices because supplies are sufficient, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
’s Brian Belski who say large companies represent a better bet because small-cap stocks are too expensive.
 That reputation may help the club expand into Internet betting because gamblers take a bigger risk entrusting their money to unregulated sites, said James Hollins, equity analyst at Evolution Group on London .
 Perhaps because it has so much male-dominated heavy industry, women haven’t made as much progress in business as in other countries.
 18 reiterated his prediction that rates will probably stay on hold this year because the economic recovery will be muted and inflation will slow.
3 million units in its first fiscal quarter of sales, told investors in October that 7-inch tablets will be “dead on arrival” because the screens are too small, and predicted rivals will increase the size in later versions.
 They exclude long-term freight contracts that commodity producers and steel mills may have in place, and may be incomplete because brokers and traders are free to leave shipping deals unreported.
 fell during the fourth quarter because potential buyers anticipated prices would decline further.
 The bank said the number increased for 2010 because it included deferred awards from previous years.
 because oil was costlier in New York.
html The Trans Alaska Pipeline System may pose risks to public safety and environment, because a reduced volume of crude exposes the pipe to corrosion, a U.
 Chandler III yesterday rejected Air Products’ claim that Airgas’s poison-pill defense was flawed because it gave directors too much power to deflect offers for the company.
 “Weaker growth is no reason for concern because it was mainly to special factors such as bad weather,” said Alexander Krueger, head of capital market analysis at Bankhaus Lampe KG in Dusseldorf.
html Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the senator and Harvard University professor, observed that academic politics are so vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
 National Security: The foreign-policy debate last week failed to reveal many differences between the candidates because Romney, seeking to demonstrate his credentials to be commander in chief, largely agreed with the current administration’s positions on Syria , Egypt, Pakistan , the 2014 withdrawal from Afghanistan , the use of drones to fight terrorists, Iranian sanctions and even Libya.
 Restrictionists say that employers who would otherwise resist racial preferences -- that is, if they had to hire black Americans -- have become fans of such policies because they can hire cheaper workers and from a deeper labor pool.
 Damage was worsened for the storms, which each left more than 4 million customers without power for a week or longer, because utilities had neglected tree-trimming for years, regulators said.
 “This kind of storm at this time of year is immediately threatening because you still have leaves on trees,” Matthew Cordaro, former chief operating officer for Long Island Lighting Co.
 Following the trio of major East Coast storms, “I don’t think there’s been any drastic improvement, because it takes time,” Cordaro said.
 That probably contributed to higher prices in nations such as Egypt , Russia’s largest grain customer, and at home, perhaps because farmers withheld their harvests from the market on concern that prices might not cover their costs.
 “It’s very difficult for marketers to get the message across as to what the story is because it is very complex.
 Fixed income trading at Goldman Sachs was mostly limited to money markets and ensuring clients had funding they needed to meet obligations that are coming due, said a person familiar with the bank, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Sandy is taking its unusual track into the East Coast because a number of weather systems have come together in just the right way, Louis Uccellini, director of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction , said last week.
 Deutsche Bank’s market share of foreign exchange trading also rose in the third quarter, according to a person familiar with the business who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 “I honestly nearly fell off my chair because it looked just too good to be true,” said Shepherd, who now employs 13 dietitians in a practice that sees about 4,000 people a year.
 UBS intends to split off and wind down much of its fixed- income operations, reducing risk-weighted assets by an additional 100 billion Swiss francs ($107 billion), said a person with knowledge of the matter who requested anonymity because the plans are private.
” While Kubilius’s Homeland Union may improve on its first- round showing and could end up with more votes than any other party, it won’t be able to form a coalition because its natural partners lack sufficient support, according to Tomas Janeliunas, who lectures at Vilnius University’s Institute of International Affairs and Political Science.
 Sandy is taking its unusual track into the East Coast because a number of weather systems have come together in just the right way, Uccellini said last week.
, which owns the HarperCollins publishing house, is preparing an offer for Penguin, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “Some growers say they have the best crop ever” because the hot weather helped reduce crop diseases, he said.
 Pumpkin quality has remained high even with the drought, mostly because heat does less damage to crops than too much moisture, O’Hearn said.
 Italian Plunge Fiat’s problems are bigger than many rivals’ because its troubled home country accounts for half its sales in the region.
 The purchases known as quantitative easing should be maintained because financial markets indicate that they are improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard, who votes on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said today according to the text of remarks prepared for delivery in Frankfurt .
 I would have voted for the split if I were a JPMorgan shareholder, but not because I'm ideological about it like some shareholder activists are.
 They can't rein him in because they can't take him on.
 Hank Greenberg at AIG was indispensable, because only he knew where all of the bodies were buried.
 Tumblr had contacted bigger technology companies seeking to be bought, or form a partnership, prior to closing the deal with Yahoo, according to people with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the overtures were private.
 “Investors are looking for yield and Spain is one of the few areas you can get it, but that is because there are still huge risks and the economic outlook is still weak.
6 billion fund last year to invest in European non-performing loans and other assets, may be interested in buying completed apartment units close to large cities, which would need to be rented or sold, according to two people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the strategy is private.
 Unfinished Residential Colony, which has bought about $50 billion of real estate since it was founded in 1991, is seeking to finance well-located unfinished residential assets, said people familiar with the matter, who also asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 “This financial alchemy, let’s call it shadow insurance, does not actually transfer the risk for those insurance policies off the parent company’s books, because in many instances, the parent company is ultimately still on the hook,” Lawsky said “Shadow insurance could leave insurance companies less able to deal with losses.
 Cheaper Ivies Elite private schools can cost far less relative to public schools, not only because of the top schools’ generous aid, but also because the students mostly graduate in the advertised four years, while those at state schools don’t.
 Yahoo Talks With Tumblr, the board wasn’t looking to sell the company, and the deal came around because Yahoo instigated the talks, Sabet said.
html Government bonds should be excluded from the European Union’s planned financial-transaction tax because the levy would drive up sovereign borrowing costs, a panel of European debt-management officials said.
 While any ratings impact would probably be “minimal” because analysts already treat off-balance-sheet leases largely as debt obligations, a shift to short-term contracts “would be credit negative for lessors,” he wrote.
 It will drive out investors; they won’t invest because the margins are so low.
 (3576) The developers of large EU solar farms will be the most affected because they tend to favor low-priced modules and the panels represent a large share of their costs, according to IHS.
 In other words, the low fees on many ETFs allows them to outperform simply because they have less of a drag on performance from fees.
 because financial markets indicate that they are improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard said today.
 Glencore Xstrata, Gunvor and Vitol Group, which aren’t under investigation, along with other firms with offices in Switzerland , are assisting the European Commission with the inquiry, said three people familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Regulators Attention “Oil gets regulators’ attention because trading is extremely complicated and not at all transparent, while the price of crude is something that affects everyone,” Andrey Kryuchenkov , an analyst at VTB Capital in London, said by phone.
 This is because Spain is experiencing a balance of payments crisis.
 tax code can drive companies into these sorts of transactions -- called tax inversions -- because it allows them to take advantage of lower foreign rates while keeping most of their actual operations unchanged, said Bret Wells , a professor at the University of Houston Law Center who studies corporate tax issues.
 This “great man, big building” myth has long damaged architecture because it makes people think of ego-driven expression conceived heedless of cost or client needs.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 (9984) will review solar projects it’s planning for Japan’s northernmost island because Hokkaido Electric Power Co.
 Chairman’s State The criticism is unusual because the Ford is being built in Virginia, the home state of the seapower subcommittee’s chairman, Republican Representative Randy Forbes.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “The impact on the rupiah will be positive because adjusting the fuel price will reduce the consumption of gasoline and will see an improvement on the current-account side,” Basri said in the interview.
 “This is also good for investor confidence because people will start to look at Indonesia in a better shape.
 “Sprint has done this because it can maintain fairness in the deal process and can have an explanation for its shareholders,” said Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Securities Co.
 The tornado season this year got off to a slow start because the U.
” There is also no urgency for the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates , Porter said, adding there is a case for the country’s central bank to drop its tightening bias because the housing market has cooled.
 Still, the data “support our view that inflationary pressures are set to wane due both to lower imported price pressures and because domestic cost pressures are subsiding.
 “You have no choice but to succeed because you realize how critical it is.
 The dealers, who run currency exchange businesses in Cairo, asked not to be identified because the trade is illegal.
 Dimon, 57, had told some investors he might quit if the non-binding measure passed, according to a person with knowledge of the conversation, who requested anonymity because the discussion was private.
 Bruno Iksil, the trader who made the bets, was nicknamed the London Whale because his position was so big.
 The constitution now bars her from becoming president after elections planned in 2015 because her children are British citizens.
 It showed that he cared about delighting customers because he understood what frustrated them.
 That made him human to his customers, and for all his aloofness, Apple fans could relate to Steve Jobs because he showed them that he empathized with their problems.
 That means the Fed will need to look at other gauges of labor-market strength because the unemployment rate may send misleading signals of improvement long before payrolls start showing the substantial gains policy makers are seeking.
 “In the current recovery, it will probably take a few years before cyclical components put significant upward pressure on the participation rate because payroll employment is still well below its pre-recession peak,” the researchers wrote.
 “It’s a good time for them to raise capital because there is a strong demand in the market for property equity papers,” Leon Allison, property equity analyst at Macquarie First South Securities, said in a phone interview.
” There is also no urgency for the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates, Porter said, adding there is a case for the country’s central bank to drop its tightening bias because the housing market has cooled.
 “Conditions in the business sector, as assessed in surveys, generally had remained below average, possibly in part because the exchange rate had remained high,” the RBA said in minutes of its May 7 meeting released today in Sydney.
 “This is a negative for sterling because quite clearly weaker inflation opens the door for more monetary stimulus,” said Peter Frank , global head of head of currency strategy at Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) in London .
 The Blackhawks pulled within 2-1 on Patrick Kane ’s goal 4:35 into the third period, and had a potential tying goal waved off 67 seconds later because Chicago center Andrew Shaw was ruled to be in the crease.
 The person asked for anonymity because the matter is private.
 Leaks are an especially vexing problem because they are routine and an important means of informing the public.
 It is a blow to farmers in the region because sales of indica rice, a long-grain variety consumed in southern China and used for milling and brewing, were already being hurt by low-cost imports, Zhang Zhixian, analyst of Cngrain.
 Moody’s said last month it’s reviewing its rating because the outcome of the deal is uncertain following the Dish Network bid.
 The government argued that the photos and any video are exempt from disclosure because they reveal secret intelligence operations and foreign activity and would pose a risk to national security.
 Gerb is asking the Constitutional Court to annul the ballot because its rivals alleged vote fraud the day before polls opened, he said.
 “Even though we won, we are contesting the elections, because no victory can be based on a violation of the law,” Borissov told lawmakers.
 Since Kiruna owes its existence since 1900 to the mine, and because LKAB is the largest private employer, there’s little local opposition.
 The move is different from a demutualization, which is commonly done by securities exchanges, because the Zimbabwean government claimed ownership of the bourse since it was established in its current form in 1974, he said.
 Staggered boards are a hurdle to activist investors because they require a multi-year effort to make changes.
, sued for wrongful termination because she refused to continue a relationship with him.
” Bond Buying Bullard, speaking in Frankfurt as European equity markets closed, said the Fed should continue its bond purchases because markets indicate they are improving financial conditions.
 Samsung and LG bet on OLEDs because the screens use less power and are thinner than conventional LCD models while offering a better image.
 The Koreans started moving away from LCDs because profits in the segment have been declining since 2004, and they needed a new growth market, according to Chung Won Suk, an analyst at HI Investment & Securities Co.
 Manzarek used his keyboards to provide bass lines, because for most of its short career the group did not have a dedicated bass guitarist.
 The Fed purchases known as quantitative easing should be maintained because financial markets indicate that they are improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard, who votes on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said today, according to the text of remarks prepared for delivery in Frankfurt .
 George Padula, a financial adviser in Boston with Modera Wealth Management LLC, said some clients are confronting the issue because their previous advisers put Gold Trust in their taxable investment accounts.
 Tumblr had contacted bigger technology companies seeking to be bought, or form a partnership, prior to closing the deal with Yahoo, according to people with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the overtures were private.
 Rosbank is eliminating the positions at its Moscow headquarters, the people said, asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Huaneng, the biggest electricity producer in China, could be the hardest hit by a proposed imports curb because 29 percent of its coal is bought from overseas, Credit Suisse analyst Edwin Pang wrote in a note dated May 20.
 The purchases known as quantitative easing should be maintained because financial markets indicate that they are improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard, who votes on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said in the text of remarks prepared for delivery in Frankfurt .
 Dudley said that the strategy is outdated because policy makers have since pledged to hold their target interest rate near zero until unemployment falls to 6.
 “The situation is somewhat more acute in India than in China, because the per-person availability is lower,” said Richard Manley, a Hong Kong-based Managing Director at Goldman Sachs Inc.
 It hasn’t been able to build a water pipeline from the dam because 5,000 farmers, Ingale among them, oppose it.
 “We had to close the plant because drinking water had to be given priority over all else,” Aphale said.
 Investors assume Brazilian policy makers “can act at this level, because inflation control is a priority,” Italo Abucater, head of currency trading at ICAP do Brasil, said by phone from Sao Paulo.
75 percentage points, said the people, who asked not to be identified because terms are private.
 Join the military, where you may be more prone to sexual attack and you don’t even get the protections, however flawed, you would get at your local police precinct, because the brass close ranks.
 “Temasek is different from Goldman Sachs and other investors because it is not subject to the capital requirement which basically forced all those global banks to get rid of non-core businesses.
 “It’s a sweet spot for equity markets because monetary policy is still very easy and is set to remain so,” said Thomas Moore, who manages about 150 million pounds ($228 million) as investment director at Standard Life Investments Ltd in Edinburgh.
 Outlook Bullard, speaking in Frankfurt as European equity markets closed, said the Fed should continue its bond purchases because markets indicate they are improving financial conditions.
” Fund Balance Lawmakers said the FEMA funding issue is unlikely to come up soon in Congress because the agency says it has enough money to pay for immediate recovery efforts.
 So maybe those laughing revelers are so happy because they're getting their money's worth.
 And because these organizations are meant to appeal to younger people, they're priced accordingly.
 Financial Markets Minister Peter Norman, who oversees banks, argues harmonized capital rules make no sense because each country has its own financial risks to deal with.
 Investigators preparing to interview bankers and brokers in the coming weeks are scouring the records collected under subpoena for any evidence that the world’s largest banks and ICAP Plc brokers rigged the ISDAfix swaps rate, said a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the probe is private.
 Tornadoes tend to cause more deaths in Alabama than in Oklahoma because more people live in mobile homes, there is a greater rural population density, more of the storms happen at night and trees make the twisters harder to see, Brooks said.
 Murray, 26, said after the match that he’d been struggling with a lower-back issue since 2011 and that playing on clay made it worse because the slow surface requires more back rotation.
 The number is important is because companies will often argue that they shouldn't have to pay the U.
 Apple said it has a large amount of foreign cash because 61 percent of its sales last year came from outside the U.
” Cullerton argued the pension bill approved by the senate would survive a constitutional challenge because it gives employees a choice on benefits.
 Bruno Iksil, the trader who made the bets, was nicknamed the London Whale because his positions were so big.
 “There would be benefits for countries coming out of the euro because their economies would be stimulated by the fact they can devalue,” Lucke said.
 The Fed’s bond-purchasing plan, known as quantitative easing, should be maintained because markets indicate that it is improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard, who votes on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said in Frankfurt as European equity markets closed.
 State Department must issue a so-called presidential permit to allow the pipeline to proceed because it would cross an international border.
 The Canadian government says the pipeline won’t increase emissions because the U.
 A State Department draft environmental analysis said the climate risks were minimal because the development in Alberta would happen with or without Keystone.
 That’s because brokers that operate dark pools use a single identifier for all activity.
 Credit isn’t as available as it used to be because banks are focused more on their home countries than interbank trade, he said.
html May 21 (Bloomberg) - Blake Morgan, an indie recording artist, says he is challenging internet radio service Pandora Media Inc because the company has dishonestly claimed to empower musicians at the same time it pays royalties that are lower than other radio companies and is seeking to lower them further.
 “I have recently become a Russian citizen and I am proud of this because I see that in Russia people live very well,” the actor told a news conference in the Chechen capital Grozny yesterday.
 “I have come to Russia because Putin is a democrat,” he said in Grozny.
 Depardieu wrote in an open letter to French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault published in the French weekly Journal du Dimanche in December that he would leave the country because his tax rate had hit 85 percent.
 Hezbollah’s open involvement in the Syrian crisis is worrying because it pits the militia against Sunni extremist groups, according to Hartwell.
, owned by Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) , hired Raine Group LLC to handle the possible sale, which includes the 100-acre property in Memphis , Tennessee , said the person, who sought anonymity because the process is private.
 He told the appeals court that the evidence showed Gupta continued to provide the fund manager with inside tips because he would benefit from any trades made by Rajaratnam.
 GEO, the privately held maker of additives for car paint, water treatments and cosmetics, generates about $40 million in annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and may fetch about $280 million based on an estimated multiple of about seven, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 While Overland Park , Kansas-based Sprint has the upper hand because it already owns more than half of Clearwire, it has faced opposition from investors such as Mount Kellett Capital Management LP and Crest Financial Ltd.
 Gelsinger said VMware’s new offering can command a premium because it lets users easily move applications between so-called private clouds, where software and services are run on customers’ own machines, to public ones on VMware’s servers.
 The purchase also may provide Actavis with a $4-a-share tax benefit because Warner Chilcott is incorporated in Ireland, Leerink Swann LLC said.
 The strength of economies is the greatest threat to the projected gains in prices because central banks are still printing money on an unprecedented scale to bolster growth.
 Spending Plans “When Ukrzaliznytsya gets the money, it will have plans how to spend it because the problems are numerous,” Kozak said in Kiev.
 The purchases known as quantitative easing should be maintained because financial markets indicate that they are improving financial conditions and can be adjusted based on how the economy changes, Bullard, who votes on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said today according to the text of remarks prepared for delivery in Frankfurt.
 “If the idea is to revitalize a neighborhood, it seems like a good contribution to the market, because it gives added-value to the other homes that are already there.
 Both will be grounded in August because the civilian maintenance contract will be cut under sequestration, Baldwin said.
 The negotiations are under way and a deal could be reached as soon as this month, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
” Pentagon spokesman George Little said today the four-man unit was ordered to remain in Tripoli because the mission in Benghazi had already shifted to evacuation.
 As Michael Kinsley wrote in a September 2011 Bloomberg View column , "With a determined, disciplined effort, Christie could thin down, and he should -- because the obesity epidemic is real and dangerous.
 Comparable, or same-store, sales are an indicator of a company’s growth because they include only older restaurants.
 While Duke, 63, isn’t expected to step down immediately, Wal-Mart may name his successor in the coming months, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 shipments may decline this year because importers can buy cheaper sugar-based fuel from Brazil, said Michael Swanson , a senior agricultural economist for Wells Fargo & Co .
 There were some on my side who did not want to be seen helping the president do something he wanted to get done, just because the president wanted to do it.
 Richard Hunt, the president of the consumer bankers group, said in a March 27 letter that banking regulators limit options for reworking student loan repayments because banks have to write down the value of the loans using an adverse accounting methodology.
 A State Department draft environmental analysis said the climate risks were minimal because the development in Alberta would happen with or without Keystone.
 The State Department has jurisdiction over the pipeline because it crosses an international border.
 A Berlin court struck down eight of 15 provisions in Apple’s general data-use terms because they deviate too much from German laws, a consumer group said in a statement on its website yesterday.
 Mission and its employees lied about its fees, taking thousands of dollars from funds that its customers had set aside because they believed the money would be used to pay creditors, according to the indictment.
 “Packers have trimmed slaughter a bit, but because the supplies are tight, there’s still competition for hogs,” Doug Houghton, a commodity analyst at Brock Associates in Milwaukee , said in a telephone interview.
 Of course, budget deficits work because the government is different from a household .
 Dotcom and Megaupload were indicted in Virginia because they leased servers in the state.
 Sea Trials The Navy’s financial liability for any delays is limited because the fixed-price incentive contracts on the vessels require contractors to absorb greater overrun shares, according to the command.
 “We’re in a tough neighborhood because the rest of Europe is growing very slowly, so we are heavily diversifying our trade toward Asia , but also I think to Africa and Latin America ,” Borg told reporters in Abuja.
” Shawn Howard, a spokesman for the Calgary-based TransCanada, said Kleeb was part of the “big green machine” that includes environmental groups like the Sierra Club that want to stop the pipeline because they oppose the production of fossil fuels.
 Further drops may not spur as much buying because consumers will likely hold off, waiting for it to hit a bottom, said Larry Cho, an analyst at CIMB Securities HK Ltd in Hong Kong.
 Consignment F0512 will now load on May 14 to May 16, the people said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Complementary Power The country isn’t turning away from renewable power because the low cost of wind helps Rousseff fulfill a pledge to reduce power prices by as much as 32 percent, said Elbia Melo, president of Brazil’s wind-power trade group Associacao Brasileira de Energia Eolica.
 “Wind farms complement hydro in Brazil because dry periods are normally windy and the contrary is true,” so energy is produced the all year round, Melo said.
 There haven’t been bids for VPG’s assets, according to an investment source who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
” Akamai can’t typically tout its successes because clients fear that broadcasting their use of the product will put them at risk, Leighton said.
 The facilities , 70 airport towers and two radar rooms, were selected because they had low traffic levels during midnight shifts.
 Perez to be secretary of labor because he is someone who knows how to get things done at the Department of Labor,” he said in an interview.
 “However, we expect business to pick up perceptibly in the second half of the year, partly because of a recovery in the global economy and partly because new production capacities will come on stream.
 “It’s too early to talk of a linkage with the EU market because that is a failed market,” Wei said in an interview.
 “The number of deals in a falling price environment can go up because they either have to reduce costs or find synergies by combining with other projects,” said Peter Bacchus, global head of natural resources at Jefferies Inc.
 “He didn’t buy these other businesses because there were men running them.
 For many years, however, few Americans were required to fill out the dreaded document because the income tax affected only a small number of wealthy taxpayers.
 The $740 billion Government Pension Fund Global sold its shares in both companies because they produce reconstituted tobacco leaf, or RTL, the Finance Ministry said in a statement today.
 Officials from Wyoming, North Dakota and Montana at the hearing today said federal rules aren’t needed because states have set requirements on disclosure of chemicals, well-drilling procedures and the use and disposal of water.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Dotcom and Megaupload were indicted in Virginia because they leased servers in the state.
” France’s elites on both left and right are panicking, says Plenel, because in the wake of the Cahuzac and Gueant affairs, “they know that the worst is yet to come, so numerous are the files now in the hands of investigating magistrates and the police, which contain even more stunning and devastating revelations than have so far emerged.
” Developers have more flexibility this year because they only need to begin construction by Dec.
 The five-member CFTC, led by Chairman Gary Gensler , is looking at cutting the number of quotes considered sufficient for interest rate , credit and other trades through so-called swap-execution facilities, according to the people who requested anonymity because the rule is still under consideration.
 We are still in a bearish condition because production in eastern Europe looks quite good and conditions in western Europe are quite good as well.
 He was dubbed the London Whale because his bets were so large.
 Colleges use merit aid for talented middle- and upper-income students because it is less costly than pursuing similar prospects from poor families, said Catharine Hill, Vassar’s president.
 Enrolling low-income students costs schools money because they are giving up a spot for those who can pay full freight -- or close to it.
 (NWSA) is negotiating a lease for as much as 428,000 square feet (40,000 square meters) in the building known as The Place in the London Bridge neighborhood, said the people who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The legislation was only agreed because militias intimidated parliament, he said.
 Jibril is among those likely to be included in the ban, because he served for several years as an economic adviser to Qaddafi.
 Authorities may never be able to track the gun used to kill a transit police officer because its external identification number was worn down.
 It keeps them in boxes in warehouses or on microfiche because agents are barred from keying the information into an electronic system.
 Britain’s second-largest lender by market value said first-quarter operating profit declined because wholesale-banking revenue decreased.
 “I did it because I want to try to put myself, as I get older, in the best position I can be to spend as much great time with them as I possibly can.
 The bulk of the reduction comes from an appellate ruling that takes nine years off because sentencing guidelines were improperly applied by Lake the first time.
 (DLR) is a stock to sell short because the manager of data-center real estate relies on access to capital markets to fund its dividend, Jonathon Jacobson of Highfields Capital Management LP said.
 “Yields are higher than before the monetary easing to reflect the volatility risk, and lending rates have risen because they are set based on bond yields.
 The eastern European country’s central bank can accelerate rate reductions because inflation is easing quicker than previously thought, Isarescu told reporters last week.
 There are no plans to lower reserve ratios for deposits denominated in foreign currencies because the move would spur deleveraging, which has been orderly so far, according to Isarescu.
 The timetable is uncertain because returnable bottles that are refilled and reused in many emerging countries will take time to replace, said Kent Landers , a spokesman.
 The sale was hurried because it required a government letter of support, said the person familiar with the process.
” BHP would be the most logical acquirer because it already tried to buy Potash Corp.
 Changed Environment On the other hand, BHP may defer its own potash project in Saskatchewan because pricing for the fertilizer has been flat, and the chief executive officer who led the hostile bid for Potash Corp.
 “China’s trade data is giving an extra boost to the market because nobody expected much,” said Takashi Ito, an equity strategist at Nomura Securities Co.
 Victims have said they’re afraid of coming forward, partly because they feared a risk their career.
 And because United was competing for the Premier League title as well as various other cups, Sir Alex had to basically manage two full starting lineup's worth of stars.
 He was great because no one questioned his judgment; but no one questioned his judgment because he was great.
 “We may not roar as much as some people might, because this is one of the many businesses we have and we drive it for the benefit of the investing customers and also the issuing customers.
 The Milan-based company’s board requested an examination of the financial results at 3 Italia, said a person briefed on the matter, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 The Milan-based company’s board, which last month appointed a panel led by Chief Executive Officer Franco Bernabe to explore a possible linkup with the Hong Kong company, requested an examination of the financial results at Hutchison’s 3 Italia, said the person, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 Museum Interest The main reason given in its statement in favor of restitution was “that the museum has little or no interest in the painting, probably because it does not fit in with its collection.
 Mayer began the effort to end the agreement soon after becoming Yahoo CEO in July, and she has met with resistance from Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , said the people, who asked not to be identified because the meetings were private.
 “You can be a winemaker because you grow your own grapes, or you can be a winemaker because you do them in a certain style,” she said.
 With single serve, “the market opportunity is so great because most of us are drinking more coffee than we did five years ago,” he said.
 A final agreement isn’t imminent, the person said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “They cannot change the system of governance because there is no political will to do so.
 They are raising the possibility that Japan’s ownership could be disputed because the tribute history, he said.
 Vote Counts The Census Bureau’s total vote is higher than the 129 million recorded by the Federal Election Commission because it is part of a survey that has a margin of error that varies in size among the subsample groups.
” Marvin Randolph, a senior vice president for campaigns at the NAACP, said in a statement that his group was “pleased to see voter turnout at these levels, particularly because some people did not want it to turn out this way.
 electorate, said the decline in the youth vote presents a challenge for future candidates because voting is something of a habit.
” High Commissioner Virendra Gupta said his country applied for permission to land the plane at the base because ministers and senior political figures were on board.
, China’s biggest carrier outside government control, currently fills just half its seats on flights between the two nations because tensions remain, said Zhang Wu’an, a spokesman at the Shanghai-based company.
” The title is misleading because the fired-up rocker hardly looks ready to quit.
 Cyprus in March became the fifth euro-area country to seal an international rescue agreement after reworking a 10 billion- euro ($13 billion) package that provoked controversy because it would have imposed a levy on all domestic bank accounts.
 The EU is facing a glut of allowances because the recession has cut emissions to levels below those forecast when the limits were locked in.
 Computer Prices Since 2004, productivity growth waned because computer prices declined at a less rapid pace and the most-productive applications of the Internet revolution were already in practice, said Oliner.
 Prime Office said it couldn’t provide specifics on the terms of a possible deal because talks are ongoing.
, European and Japanese economies because they are suffering from long-term insolvency.
 “I wasn’t thinking of what I wanted to do when I left Congress because I wanted to stay in Congress.
5 million slice rated AAA that has a coupon of 147 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 Those apps are generating higher advertising revenue than print publications because they provide Wolters Kluwer with more data on readership patterns to give advertisers, McKinstry said.
 Both proposals included investments, each of more than $1 billion, for the world’s largest custom maker of chips to set aside production dedicated to making chips exclusively for them, said the people, who declined to be identified because the details are not public.
 While TSMC is Qualcomm’s biggest supplier , according to data compiled by Bloomberg, it has been successful because it has worked with multiple customers.
 It’s one point lower unemployment on average than those - because I think the policies are different, and that’s the difference you get between keeping this current president elected and a new one.
 And I’ve said and repeated on the campaign trail what Chris said last night, which is, I think that voters, particularly seniors, like my parents or like Paul’s mother, are open to that, not only because they’re not touched, but they’re open to that debate, because in the end, what do our parents care about more than anything.
 And that’s why I think, again, you’ve seen in my state and other states - and I think he’s even done reasonably well in Florida, for all the hype that Paul Ryan would be doomsday, you know, being on the ballot in Florida - I don’t think that’s true, because I think, if you have an honest, candid discussion of what’s at stake - and in their case, obviously, it would help to point out that, of all things, President Obama’s taking $716 million for Obamacare I think was certainly a wake-up call for a lot of people out there, but I think in the end, they are having that debate, they’ll continue to, you know, build off of that.
 I mean, the amazing thing is, I got very frustrated in discussions in the National Governors Association on this, because just on principle, on principle, the NGA should be behind block grants.
 And oftentimes, it’s, you know, 15, 20, 25 jobs at a time that people add that’s of much bigger concern to us, because as great as it is - and certainly we draw a lot of attention - if you get a major corporation that comes and brings new jobs to a state, that’s not our bread-and-butter.
 I said last year in front of a - one of the committees where I was at, where I supposed to be in for an hour, and it ended up being three hours - which suggests to me that it’s probably why I would never run for Congress, because to me as governor I just got more things to actually get accomplished in three hours than just talking about it.
 Now, they don’t do everything he asked, and he has to work hard for it, and sometimes he has to get their face (inaudible) I mean, in fact, so much so, I love on the pension reform, when they had not as many visitors as I had in my capitol, but Chris sent me - one of the things I got framed in the capitol is a sign that was from in their state capitol in New Jersey that says, “Christie plus Sweeney,” their Senate president, a Democrat of - a union guy, “Christie plus Sweeney equals Walker,” because they were going after Sweeney for being a part of that pension reform.
 It was about the spending after the fact that after he got the Congress, he was able - in fact, after he gave his address, the Congress and - I think at the point, the speaker leaned over to the vice president and said, there’s your 40 votes, because he convinced enough of the Blue Dog Democrats to join with the Republicans to get it passed.
 Just because - I can say whether - well, in that case, or if there’s somebody else that I said something I didn’t like, I could say they shouldn’t be a candidate.
 WALKER: Well, I spoke out about it, even though I’m obviously nowhere near Missouri, because to me, I look at not just Wisconsin, but I look at other states across the country, particularly in the Midwest, where not only Republican governors came in, but where Republicans were elected in the majority in the assembly and the state senates or their equivalents in those states, and they actually were able to get big things accomplished.
 I don’t know that Americans are necessarily in love with that, because what you see is what you asked, about gridlock.
 I’d like to have the best shot possible, not so much from a Republican standpoint, but because to me, I actually believe in the things that I and Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan and others talk about that we campaign on.
 I think a lower individual income tax would be helpful, because in my state, like most places across America, most businesses don’t pay corporate income taxes.
 Now not only how we won, but how we won by a bigger margin is because enough independents and maybe even a few discerning Democrats said, give this guy a shot.
 And almost every single time the reason was because I actually liked the fact that you had the courage to take on these tough issues.
 And he did largely because he felt, if he was going to eventually get his colleagues to sign on - because, remember, what, were there 12 co-sponsors the first time he put it out.
 Staffing stocks are attractive because valuations are historically cheap, Steinerman said, noting that this is one reason for his “overweight” recommendation on Robert Half.
 “I think people will see through this one quarterly hiccup because investors still like high yielding stocks with fairly reliable income streams.
 Retail investors may also be deterred because JAL is offering a less generous voucher package than larger rival All Nippon Airways Co.
 German companies are often confronted with Chinese competitors that have advantages because they get very cheap domestic financing, Passauer reported, citing Driftmann.
 ‘Rising Stars’ “Keynoters are allowed a certain amount of forward projections, the argument being that you give them this position because they are rising stars in the party,” Baker said.
 Albany Three Silver, 68, Republican Majority Leader Dean Skelos and Governor Andrew Cuomo make up the Albany troika that local pundits call the Three Men in the Room because they often strike deals behind closed doors that get approved by both legislative houses.
 Italy doesn’t need to tap the rescue fund at the moment because measures by the government are starting to offset market concerns, Monti said in an interview with Il Sole 24 Ore published today.
 “People are willing to give them the benefit of the doubt because their track record is so strong,” said Ted Grace, a Boston-based analyst for Susquehanna Financial Group, a market maker for Joy Global.
 “The hiring outlook is looking fantastic because the renminbi business is hiring, and the activity here in Hong Kong is really looking very positive.
 “The frenzy has been taken out of the space, but I still think Achillion is very attractive” because its therapies have the potential to be the best of their type, Ted Tenthoff, a New York-based analyst for Piper Jaffray, said in a telephone interview.
 “They’ll be well-positioned to be a candidate to be taken out, because right now, there are very few options if you want to get involved in hep C, in terms of combinations that are more advanced that are still in clinical development.
 ‘No Surprise’ Rajoy said the regions’ situation is “no surprise” and that there is no risk the 18 billion-euro fund may not be enough, because the government anticipated bond redemption needs through the end of the year.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 That’s because the inflation outlook is deteriorating.
 Over the past two weeks, Jackie Ward, WellPoint’s lead independent director, and a second board member met with shareholders to hear their concerns, according to a person familiar with the discussions who wasn’t authorized to comment because the talks were private.
 He also took on the responsibility of selling the used ones for whatever the market would bear, a strategy known as a “risk fleet” because the company no longer had a guaranteed buyer.
 Hertz offered in the low $80s and Dollar Thrifty was holding out for the low $90s, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations were private.
 A Stanford University tennis team member, Burdette will forfeit at least $65,000 for reaching the third round because she is an amateur.
 The SEC can force disclosure without making rules, because companies need to stay on good terms with the regulator, which regularly reviews their financial filings and can “make things difficult,” Henning said.
 Companies that rely on contracts with the Department of Defense were not yet cutting back on staff or otherwise changing their business plans because the timing and focus of defense spending cutbacks is highly uncertain.
 The next category for fans is portable speakers because you want to bring the music with you.
 Pending home sales are considered a leading indicator because they track contract signings.
 Economists do worry that bailouts create a “moral hazard” that encourages unwise risk-taking because bankers expect to be saved if financial gambles fail.
 The campaign document labels Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , government-sponsored mortgage financiers, as “a primary cause of the housing crisis because their implicit government guarantee allowed them to avoid market discipline and make risky investments.
 China Bashing “Bashing China doesn’t play very well in Iowa at all because it is an export-oriented state,” said Steffen Schmidt, a professor of political science at Iowa State University .
 Matching his returns against Gross’s $270 billion Total Return Fund (PTTRX) isn’t an “apples to apples comparison,” because the two funds have different objectives, he said.
 4 because it was illegally built on Palestinian land.
 That’s because President Juan Manuel Santos says he will return property or pay restitution for land that was stolen, abandoned or purchased by intimidation -- as Diaz says happened to his family.
 Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings boosted the country’s credit rating in 2010 to investment grade because the nation had become safer for businesses.
 Uribe says the law could put a damper on investment because it burdens those who buy land to prove they did it legally.
 “It is unfortunate because the referees want to get back on the field.
 The central bank will slowly bring the cost of credit down because the economy has cooled and the risk of external growth shocks is increasing, Basci told reporters in Ankara on Aug.
 FinFisher Oversight Gamma’s Muench said the focus on his product was unfair because there are other intrusion tools that lack the oversight provided by FinFisher, which is designed to gather evidence for use in court and is only sold to governments.
 “I will never be able to retire because they had to protect their precious bond rating,” said Don Cardin, 47, a former fire department battalion chief.
 “They will be able to borrow because the process worked out OK for bondholders.
 They will need a four-seat pickup if Obama wins re-election because the vice president casts the tie-breaking vote in the chamber.
8 billion), which includes the Kanal 5 and Kanal 9 television channels in Sweden and TV Norge, FEM, Vox and Max broadcasters in Norway, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, declining to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Education gaps pose a “longer-run challenge for many regional labor markets” because they account for about two- thirds of the variation in the level of unemployment across metro areas, Rothwell wrote.
 The ECB, backed by the Bank of France , considers a draft version of the liquidity coverage ratio, or LCR, may hamper efforts to combat the euro-area debt crisis by curtailing lending and making it harder for central banks to implement their monetary policies, said the people, who couldn’t be identified because the discussions at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision are private.
 Lenders have warned that a provisional version of the LCR standard, published in 2010, would force them to cut loans by making them hoard cash and buy up more government bonds , because few assets other than sovereign debt would fully qualify.
8 billion), said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The matter is on the agenda because people want to withdraw savings in the form of gold, rather than in Turkish lira or in foreign exchange, the newspaper said, citing Erdal Aral, Turkiye Is Bankasi AS (ISCTR) ’s deputy chief executive officer.
 Medical schools are holding back on further expansion because the number of applicants for residencies already exceeds the available positions, according to the National Resident Matching Program , a 60-year-old Washington-based nonprofit that oversees the program.
 It may retain its hurricane strength for hours because the swampy land of southern Louisiana is full of warm water that can fuel a storm, he said.
 “Alice, Scratch -- they’re becoming incredibly popular because students love them and can do real, creative things with them.
 “I expect the significance of this liability fee to decrease constantly over the coming years because grid expansion will go more smoothly.
 The defense said there was no actual loss because Jin was arrested with the information still in her possession.
 Last year the DPJ had difficulty pushing through a similar deficit-financing bond issuance bill because the opposition blocked its passage to force then-Prime Minister Naoto Kan to resign.
 Worker remittances will soften because Europe is suffering and to a certain extent, Asia is slowing.
 This is largely because U.
 Amended Complaint “This complaint arises because Citigroup responded to the widely known financial crisis by concealing both the extent of its ownership of toxic assets -- most prominently CDOs backed by nonprime mortgages -- and the risks associated with them,” the plaintiffs alleged in an amended complaint filed in December 2008.
 Companies often find it tough to deal with the munitions list because a finished product -- such as a machine gun or an airplane -- can be subject to the controls if it contains an American part as small as a bolt or screw, Reinsch said in an interview.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” Kennedy, the Democratic chairman, agrees: “He made a calculated decision to break with his caucus and vote against the best interests of his district because he wanted to build a larger coalition.
 “We can address more consumers and more market opportunities because we can provide the capability of smartphones and tablets at the same time.
 Demand for goods is declining due to a shrinking working- age population, while the level of supply is maintained because automation helps productivity and keeps production levels high, resulting in falling prices, he said.
 Financial Services Authority, Britain’s finance regulator, which is conducting a civil investigation into whether the bank adequately disclosed fees it agreed to pay the Qatar Investment Authority, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the discussions between the agencies are confidential.
 The plan is one of several “negatives” for Eletrobras because it increases exposure to the electricity distribution industry, where profit margins are smaller, Barclays Capital Plc analysts led by Francisco Navarrete said in an Aug.
 Why should that reflect on me, just because I picked him.
 You can’t hold me to the contents of any particular piece of legislation, just because I co-sponsored it.
 Yet he added, “Just because I agree with some of it is no reason to associate me with it.
 Rooney, who will miss about a month of action after receiving stitches in a gash on his thigh, may be sold because his relationship with manager Alex Ferguson has broken down, the newspaper said.
 “Because we are dispatching, because we have sufficient storage, because we have all our plants in perfect shape, we have no need to hurry to re-activate an operation.
 “The transaction, if completed, would materially weaken Best Buy’s credit protection metrics because we believe it will add a significant amount of debt,” S&P analysts Jayne Ross and Charles Pinson-Rose wrote in the note.
 16 because they were in the crowd that confronted the police with weapons, the British Broadcasting Corp.
 In this year’s “ Occupy Handbook ,” David Graeber, an anthropologist who teaches at Goldsmiths, University of London and was an early Occupy organizer, writes that demands shouldn’t be articulated because the systems they would be addressed to are irredeemable.
 “It is simplistic to say that because a coalition of the willing has sanctions against Iran, that Iran is isolated,” said Richard Dalton, the U.
 The measure includes the 3 percent securities and reflects debt that most influences rates because it trades closest to face value.
 Prompts to Sell As rates increase, the projected lives of mortgage bonds and loan-servicing contracts extend, partly because potential refinancing by homeowners declines.
 Borrowing costs may not rise as much as bond yields because lenders might seek to maintain the volume of their business in a mortgage refinancing boom and allow profit margins to drop.
 Taxes have become central to the campaign because neither of the two leading candidates is promising significant cuts in public spending and is constrained by government debt, which is set to be 89 percent of gross domestic product this year.
 The European Court of Justice in 2004 shot down a French “exit tax” on citizens moving abroad because it was deemed to impede freedom of movement within Europe .
 The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, called the “fear gauge” because it typically moves in a direction opposite to stock prices, may stay near the five-year low it hit yesterday, according to blogger Bill Luby .
 Wyoming also got an F because its state spending is only searchable by vendor name, according to the report.
 That’s unlikely because the U.
 Opponents, including former SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt and Barbara Roper , director of investor protection for the Consumer Federation of America, say the approach is wrong-headed because it will hurt investors without achieving the stated goal.
 expansion is benefiting the maker of reclining chairs and sofas because this furniture usually is in the most-public areas of homes, Bugatch said.
 Upholstered furniture -- which represents almost 80 percent of La-Z-Boy’s revenue -- makes some companies “more insulated” because these products require customization that lends itself to domestic assembly, and wear-and-tear results in more frequent replacement demand than for case goods, Thomas said.
 Thurlbeck was arrested by appointment today, said the person, who declined to be identified because the situation is sensitive.
 Mortgage bonds are described as negatively convex, meaning that as interest-rates rise, their duration increases as well because fewer homeowners are likely to refinance.
 Smith also said the board could not take action against Haye because he is officially retired, although his role in the brawl will be considered should be apply for a license again.
 The person was granted anonymity because no one is authorized to discuss the ownership group publicly.
 MetLife is required to get Fed approval for its capital plans because it owns a bank, while Newark , New Jersey-based Prudential isn’t subject to the same scrutiny.
 Attaman said the study may be limited because participants self-reported their food consumption and the results must be matched in further research before a definitive association can be made between diets with fatty foods and sperm quality.
 “We ask for fair treatment because such extremist behavior puts the integration process on hold,” Ungureanu told reporters in Bucharest yesterday.
 The central banks are holding gold because they are not sure if the euro will remain five years later.
 “The only way to protect wealth is to buy gold because it is probably the only money that is relatively indestructible,” Michael Pento , the president of Pento Portfolio Strategies in Holmdel, New Jersey , said at the conference.
 The gap, the broadest measure of international trade because it includes income payments and government transfers, grew 15 percent from a revised $107.
 “There’s a fairly good chance that the deficit will widen again because imports are on track to outpace exports.
 “Sitting there in that seat in the courtroom when they’re bringing in the jurors, I was happier than I had been in 2 1/2 years because I knew I would be able to clear my name and the truth would come out.
” Surgeons used the drug combination because it worked, not because Stryker tricked them, he said.
 is arranging the financing for the Waltham, Massachusetts-based company, said the person, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 He never got the car because his financing application was rejected.
 “Espada had to settle for a Mercedes because Bentley turned him down,” Pokorny said today.
 Necheles said Espada never stole because he had no intent to steal.
 “They did it because they were greedy, they did it because they were powerful and they did it because they thought they were going to get away with it,” the prosecutor said.
” One reason the gap between Tudou and Youku’s offer price remains so wide is because some traders may be wary of companies based in China, where the regulatory process is less transparent than in the U.
 About $1 trillion of mortgage servicing rights currently are for sale by banks, according to Jay Bray, chief executive officer of Lewisville, Texas-based Nationstar, who declined to name the companies because his firm intends to compete for some of the assets.
 It also irritated some staff at the Fed, which had planned to release the test results ahead of the industry, said one person familiar with the central bank’s operations who declined to be identified because the discussions were private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The 700 Megahertz band is coveted by wireless providers because devices using that frequency are better able to receive signals inside buildings and in rural areas.
 “It’s getting more and more difficult for employers to vet target-date funds,” because there are so many variations with little track record, said Mark Wayne , CEO of Freedom One Financial Group.
 Workers may be better off with a so-called balanced fund that has 50 percent to 60 percent in equities and 40 percent to 50 percent in bonds because target-date funds generally have more moving parts and higher fees, said Pozen of the Harvard Business School.
 Participants and plan sponsors have adopted target-date funds because they save investors from common mistakes such as lack of appropriate diversification, not rebalancing or buying high and selling low, Clark said.
 (XTA) Anglo has agreed to buy an additional 40 percent of De Beers , the biggest producer of diamonds, a gem shunned by most commodities companies because it only trades over the counter.
 23 hearing that Kinnucan should remain in custody because he posed a danger to the community and to authorities handling his case.
 Sacca was talking to investors last year about raising as much as $50 million for the fund, said two people familiar with the matter, who declined to be named because the fundraising is private.
 Now it’s attracting international attention because a 38-year-old Army staff sergeant deployed from the base is accused of killing at least 16 civilians in Afghanistan villages.
 1 Intermediate People’s Court ruled that the clothing maker didn’t infringe because the mark was used on a different category of merchandise than alcoholic beverages, according to People’s Daily.
 SABAM Seeks Fees for the Reading Aloud of Library Books to Kids SABAM , the Belgian rights-collection society, is contacting local libraries in that country, demanding fees because library books are being read aloud to children, Belgium ’s DeMorgen newspaper reported .
 SABAM told DeMorgen it’s not systematically targeting libraries and the demand came because the collecting group has a system to detect events for which fees should be paid.
 “Twitter is great for breaking news because it goes to people fast, but I have a hard time believing that the Fed is going to break news on it,” said Jamie Lissette, founder of the Hammerstone Group , a Westport, Connecticut-based operator of online discussion forums for investors.
 The bank is marketing three-year benchmark notes that are expected to yield 130 basis points more than similar-maturity Treasuries, according to a person familiar with the offering who asked not to be identified because terms are not set.
 (AIG) , is also selling three- and seven-year senior notes, according to a person familiar with that transaction who also asked not to be identified because the terms are not set.
 “Fighters retreated from the main streets of Idlib because they are no match for the security forces,” al-Labwani, the opposition leader, said in a telephone interview from Amman, Jordan today.
 That fund is invested in gold mining companies and derivatives, according to an investor who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 “Gold mining stocks have underperformed, and the trend will likely continue because there are technical, geological and managerial risks underlying these stocks,” said Daniel Brebner , an analyst at Deutsche Bank AG, who was the second-most accurate precious-metals forecaster tracked by Bloomberg in the past two years.
 The company plans to raise $900 million to $1 billion from a five-year syndicated loan and will make up the rest with its own cash, said the bankers, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Australia has almost become “fairly immaterial to us going forward, because it has taken such a hit,” he said.
 “Financing is still difficult for many, and lots of potential move-up buyers and sellers are stuck because they owe more than their homes are worth.
 Republicans said Congress wasn’t in recess because both chambers were holding brief sessions every few days.
 “Perhaps what we are seeing is a redirection of asset allocation toward Japan because a lot of fund managers are underweight, and that’s pushed up the market very quickly ahead of fundamentals.
 “Liability insurance is the big issue because the level of exposure is much higher,” he said in a phone interview from London.
 Department of Veterans Affairs has rejected almost two-thirds of veterans seeking special contracts, snubbing some of them because they live in community property states or did emergency work in Haiti.
 Kevin Treiber was rejected in February, when the VA told him he wasn’t eligible because the Department of Health and Human Services had paid him for two weeks of work helping Haiti earthquake victims in 2010.
 Wolford’s 160-person company was booted from the program last August, when she received a letter from the VA saying it wasn’t able to verify control of the company because her ownership was linked to a trust that included her two children as beneficiaries.
 “This was very, very harmful to my company, my employees, because we undoubtedly lost contracts because of it,” Wolford said in an interview.
” If it does, “whatever private-sector entities that haven’t yet defaulted would in the end default because their debt would be denominated in euros and their revenues would be denominated in the new drachma.
 But if history is a guide, they wouldn’t keep the competitiveness gains for very long because the ensuing inflation eats it alive.
 About $1 trillion of mortgage servicing rights currently are for sale by banks, according to Jay Bray, chief executive officer of Lewisville, Texas-based Nationstar, who declined to name the companies because his firm intends to compete for some of the assets.
 (GS) to work on the potential sale, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the process is private.
 Israel yesterday issued a travel warning advising citizens not to visit Turkey in the coming days because terror groups may attack Israeli or Jewish targets.
 Delivery was delayed from last year because Boeing is still working with the carrier on certification, pilot training and introduction plans, said Dinesh Keskar, the planemaker’s India head.
 That is the most critical thing because we need this recovery to continue to build steam.
 “Our own view is that QE3 will probably materialize down the road simply because the endogenous engines of growth, while they are picking up, are not strong enough yet given all the headwinds faced that face the U.
 (NAB) are advising Hancock on the debt package, the people said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
” Cameron said that “we will not give up on this mission, because Afghanistan must never again be a safe haven for al- Qaeda to launch attacks against us.
 While allowing the runway to be completed and used, a lower court in October temporarily blocked flights between those hours because it said the residents were likely to prevail on that part of their case.
 Large buybacks are unlikely because most companies want to maintain ratings that provide easy access to the debt markets, the analysts said.
 The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the attacks remain under investigation.
” Cameron said, “We will not give up on this mission, because Afghanistan must never again be a safe haven for al- Qaeda to launch attacks against us.
 “Vekselberg’s frustration is understandable because he can neither cash out nor affect decision-making as Rusal is a one-man show.
 Gazprom’s marketing and trading unit wants to gain market share in India because demand may grow an average 6.
25 percentage points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the person, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 Lacking such a promise of public funds, policy makers cannot reveal that a bank is insolvent, because such an announcement would trigger an instant run.
 “The federal government is saying we are limiting access to care and not allowing women to go to all qualified providers, which is an errant statement because the state dictates who the qualified providers are.
 “I view this as a way to remove Planned Parenthood from among the provider community, which will fail because they are effective and successful,” Rogoff said.
 But afterwards it is inevitable that they will fall away from each other because their economic interests are mutually antagonistic.
 “For some people in the market, it will be treated with a certain degree of doubt because Saudi Arabia probably cannot completely make up what Iran is producing.
 A slowdown in foreclosure filings last year reduced the number of bank-owned properties on the market and many homeowners aren’t selling because they would lose money, he said.
 “The federal government supports this decision by the provinces because its about enforcing the law,” national Energy Secretary Daniel Cameron said today at a press conference in Santa Cruz.
 Those cuts would begin in January because a congressional supercommittee failed to meet deficit-reduction goals.
 That state still places second on the Sucker Index because spending as a percentage of personal income is the most, at 1.
 Ex-GE Manager Not Guilty of Murder, His Lawyer Tells Jury Hemy Neuman isn’t guilty of premeditated murder because he was legally insane when he shot to death the husband of a co- worker, a defense lawyer told jurors as a trial neared an end.
 Brooks’s husband Charlie, a former racehorse trainer, was also arrested, the person said, declining to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 The so-called club loan won’t be marketed to other banks in syndication and pays a margin of 180 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate and fees of 175 basis points for an all-in rate of about 238 basis points, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 The EFPIA also says that by displacing the supply of medicines in higher-cost markets with ones intended for lower- cost markets, parallel traders are claiming some of the revenue that manufacturers say they need to defray spending on research and development, an expense that most parallel traders don’t incur because they focus on marketing and distribution.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Smaller businesses were hurt most because they lacked the time and resources to conduct negotiations and take part in legal proceedings with the agency, the LSE’s Davis said.
 The Western journalists using Belkovsky as a source either do not know who he is or print his allegations simply because they are colorful.
 The project never came to fruition, possibly because many of the nationalists were raging anti-Semites.
 (4307) “We can’t stop housing stimulus because it revitalizes the economy, but we must consider ways to resolve this issue.
 “Now that the population is declining, the residents in the area all want to move down from the hill, but some just can’t because they will have to sell their land at a loss,” said Mitsuko Usuki, a 66-year-old resident who 10 years ago was able to move from her home of 30 years, renovate it and rent it out, in order to be closer to the train station.
 “It’s becoming more of an urgent issue, and it is important to come up with measures to resolve it because the time is running short,” he said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The Dublin-based IRB earns about 95 percent of its income from the World Cup, and chose England as host because it anticipated lower profit from the New Zealand event.
 Roland Lescure, chief investment officer at Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec said his firm still favors provincial securities because they are safe investments that offer extra yield.
 The FDA would need to approve copies of the drug and Teva says that the regulator should require lengthy clinical trials not typical for generic medicines because Copaxone is a complex molecule.
” Nate Cardozo, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a San Francisco-based privacy group that has sued the government to stop the program, said the court order is flawed because it assumes that all lawmakers were given the opportunity to learn the NSA was collecting and storing phone records in bulk.
 “The appointment of Snabe is good news because industrial software has been a huge driver in the industrial automation chain,” Simon Toennessen, a London-based Credit Suisse analyst who rates Siemens outperform, said by phone.
 “We are not recommending stocks on the free-trade zone because we are not sure what kind of benefits they will get,” Kelvin Wong, an analyst at Bank Julius Baer, which manages about $325 billion, said by phone from Hong Kong on Sept.
 Three days into the academic year, dismissal at one elementary had to be delayed because an 18-year-old woman was shot a few blocks from the school.
 He recalls how hard it was to sever the arms and legs of one of his victims with a hacksaw because bones are so strong.
 “They know all of our movements because they’re our friends,” he says, asking not to be identified because he feared reprisals.
 “It’s terrible for our region because it makes it seem like this is an unsafe place to live and work,” she says.
 “The black guys, they need us for drugs and guns because we have the right connection.
 Three former Federal Court judges were assigned the appeal case because all other judges in the state had been involved in the litigation, the newspaper said.
 The billionaire ex-premier is reluctant to unseat Letta because he could lose in a new election, said Matteo Renzi, the Florence mayor and a candidate for leadership of the Democratic Party.
 The Tohono O’odham said in a statement that their project is not precedent-setting because it was sanctioned by earlier federal legislation giving them the right to acquire new land in Maricopa County, where they want to build the casino.
 The advantages haven’t shown up across the board because the underlying problems, such as poverty and health, are so entrenched.
 And he said the Tohono waited until Obama took office because it took years for the tribe to internally approve the casino plans.
 I was the one who drove him to gigs because he was too drunk himself and I bailed him out of fights when he would get into trouble with the club owners.
 “Exports will be smooth because people are not holding back in anticipation of any changes.
” Airports have proved to be an easier sell because they are less prone to attracting government intervention.
 “Today we’re having a minor correction but overall the trend itself is on the upside, especially for the Hong Kong market because the Chinese economy is recovering.
 “There is value in regulation that is closest to the people, because New York is different than Nebraska,” Nelson said today.
 and Russia will have to take the lead in forging a peace deal for Syria because the opposing sides in the conflict refuse to negotiate, United Nations envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said.
 This is not because the U.
 Germany’s solution not only saves the government money, but also, at least in some cases, allows for a higher standard of care, because everyone in Poland, from nurses aides to doctors, makes much less.
 “The question for the Conservatives is if they are not prepared to ask people in socking great mansions to pay a bit extra, which public services are going to suffer because they are going to have to find those 2 billion pounds from spending cuts instead.
 In districts where cursive has been dropped, its former teachers have been among the most enthusiastic, because the change liberates them to teach more valuable subjects.
 “Vueling has a real prospect of success because Willie gets it, and it has its own culture.
 “Fresh buying is not happening because there is a liquidity crunch and consumer spending has come down,” said Haresh Soni, chairman of the All India Gems & Jewellery Trade Federation.
 “Consumers will just wait it out because there are all sorts of uncertainties, an election and policy restrictions going on at the same time.
 “It probably kept some businesses from failing because they were able to refinance their debt at lower interest payments.
 “This is very disturbing because the Inspector General has specifically identified that the vetting process is insufficient,” Turner, a member of the House Armed Services Committee, said in a phone interview.
 Telco’s Italian investors are at the same time discussing a sale of their shares to other potential buyers, another person with knowledge of the matter said, asking not to be named because the discussions are confidential.
 Non-performing loans remain high, partly because weaker local currencies have made foreign-currency loans more difficult to repay, according to Jackson.
 The purchase will include only the management unit of Oakland, California-based Waypoint and not the company’s homes, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the agreement is private.
 “Spreading out auctions generally is something we have been watching, because it can have an impact on our assessment.
 A strike by AMCU members would be unauthorized because most have agreed to the deal, the Chamber of Mines, which represents bullion producers, said Sept.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “We still believe that the Fed meeting tomorrow is overshadowing the market reactions because people are staying on the sidelines until after that.
 “Spreads at multi-year lows are going to run into some trouble because the improvement in the macroeconomic environment has been priced in.
html Jerry Sandusky, the ex- Pennsylvania State University assistant football coach sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for abusing boys, deserves a second trial because his first was unfair, his lawyer argued today.
 Philanthropic Giving Much of that has been given to charitable interests, according to a person familiar with Helzberg’s giving who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Walk Away “Aquino seems not to be in the mood to allow these men to simply walk away because doing so might send the wrong signal and embolden other groups,” Ramon Casiple , executive director at the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform in Manila, said by phone.
 Curtailing such practices is complicated because while stores want to protect themselves, they risk demonstrating a mistrust of customers who are paying thousands of dollars for garments.
 Chains also use receipts that are harder to replicate because they are printed with proprietary, identifiable inks.
 Low Rates “The news today is indicative of the trend we’ve seen all year, simply because companies are taking the low rates, borrowing some money, taking the cash, putting it to work,” John Canally, investment strategist for LPL Financial LLC in Boston , said in a phone interview.
 The company is “moving toward a mobile search play and its Music Radar is bigger than you thought because it will ultimately be developed into a voice and picture search tool for smartphones,” Jun Zhang, an analyst at Wedge Partners Corp.
” While the current idling of all reactors is less of a blackout threat because winter power demand is lower than in summer, utilities now have to meet tougher safety standards for restarting atomic plants.
 The bank may have to pay as much as 100 million pounds ($159 million) to 300,000 customers to remedy the mistakes, which date back as far as 2008, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Still, about half of the massacres are over by the time the police arrive -- usually because the shooters take their own lives, he said.
 Blair recommends that after first trying to flee, people at a mass shooting may find safety in hiding because the killers tend not to breach locked doors since they know the clock is ticking before police arrive.
 Hasan, who later said he took aim at the soldiers because he viewed them as a threat to Taliban leaders in Afghanistan , was sentenced to death by a military court on Aug.
 “The rippling effect happened because there is a shortage of U.
 We should not be too concerned about the tapering, particularly because tapering would mean, John, that the U.
 economy best would be the most suitable person, because the U.
 “Having said that, we got 40 votes, we need 60 votes, and to go through it all again, it’s a very emotional discussion because it involves human life, innocent life, and not to be able to succeed is hard.
 Many insurance companies have quit the business, which was becoming unprofitable, in part because people were living longer.
 “If the current rate of poaching is not curbed, elephants could be extinct in 10 years because for every one elephant reported killed by authorities, another three or four have been killed but not reported,” Kahumbu said.
 The Amsterdam-based company may announce the move today provided it obtains sufficient shares to close its tender offer, said the person, who declined to be identified because the appointment has not been made public.
 The talks are at a preliminary stage and nothing has been decided yet, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 to face charges, said a person with direct knowledge of the situation, who requested anonymity because the discussions are private.
” The State Department is reviewing the permit because it crosses an international border.
 20 and will cause a partial halt for about seven days, according to three people with knowledge of the operations who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Shell may have sold crude cargoes to Pertamina via private negotiations because the latter company did not award any tenders for West African crudes in November, said two traders who participate in the market and asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “Once the stock price corrects and stabilizes, you’ll see some buyers coming in, mainly institutions, because it is high dividend stock.
 The State Department, which has to sign off because the project crosses the international boundary, is completing a second environmental-impact review after Obama rejected an initial assessment in 2011.
 “Even today, there are people affected by leprosy who still live in leprosy colonies because they have no other option,” said Yohei Sasakawa, chairman of the Tokyo-based aid group Nippon Foundation, who has worked for the elimination of leprosy for more than 40 years.
 “The text covers benchmarks for commodities because there are risks -- as in oil and gas,” Barnier told reporters in Brussels.
 Fifty-seven percent of investors surveyed in a Bloomberg Global Poll say they don’t expect a sudden change in the markets if the Fed cuts its bond purchases because they already anticipate tapering action.
 (PFG) , said in an interview last week that he’s looking forward to the Fed scaling back purchases because the economy runs better when yields are higher, especially for long-term savers.
 market are great for players like us, because the need for savings and the need for protection have not diminished with the crisis,” he said.
 The contracts relate to borrowers Wells Fargo identifies as “non-core” because they have few other products from the bank, the other person said.
 Private equity firms are buying because they can earn as much as 9 percent, more than many other mortgage assets, said Dan Thomas, managing director of MIAC Analytics, a broker in New York.
” Cap Rates Some investors are attracted to hotels because they offer investment yields, as measured by capitalization rates, of about 7.
 Marchionne, who said last week that he’s looking to pay less than $5 billion for the holding, expects the market to apply a minority discount on the stake, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “The market is shrinking because the items to kill time have become diversified,” said Mitsushige Akino , chief fund manager at Ichiyoshi Asset Management Co.
 Most of the tobacco bonds assessed by rating companies are graded junk because of falling consumption and because the securities lack state backing.
 The panel said there was no evidence to support the tobacco companies’ argument that New York arbitrarily decided to impose excise taxes and collect payments from sales of cigarettes on Indian reservations because it was state policy not to collect taxes on those sales.
 If all the supply is pre-distributed by short sellers, then that's less of a problem: You already know how the extra supply will affect trading, because it's been created by short sellers.
 “It is possible that this will make it even harder because the market will be even more primed to view inflection points as messy and destructive, and therefore a reason to sell early.
” Ending the Fed’s third round of quantitative easing carries greater significance than completion of the previous two because QE3 involves open-ended purchases, both in amount and duration, whereas its predecessors were introduced with defined purchase levels over a fixed period of time.
 “There’s going to be an increasing number of cancers because the population is aging,” said Giuseppe Giaccone, an associate director for clinical research at Georgetown Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center at Georgetown University Medical Center in Washington , in a Sept.
 The black-market dollar is weak because the currency is scarce as a result of hoarding and speculation, Merentes said in an interview yesterday on the Globovision network.
 “I agree with flexibility because this move in certain circumstances is positive and necessary but it needs to rely on one condition,” Khamenei said, according to his website.
 Their conclusion is that poor people “are less capable not because of inherent traits, but because the very context of poverty imposes load and impedes cognitive capacity.
html Racing in the America’s Cup sailing series was postponed today and rescheduled for tomorrow because winds on San Francisco Bay exceeded safety limits.
 “Hong Kong’s advantages won’t change too much in the coming five to ten years because it has unique characteristics such as good rule of law.
 They asked not to be named because the meetings were private.
 The cuts at the FAA are smaller than that because some agency accounts, such as the airport-construction grants, are exempt.
 “In the end, it looks like Binz cooked himself” because Murkowski questioned whether the nominee was completely forthcoming, Cole said in an e-mailed statement.
 The temptation when you’re applying for jobs is to send resumes and cover letters off to anonymous services like Monster, because then you never have to hear the word no.
 But as you probably already know, instead what you hear is nothing, because millions of other people are doing the same thing.
 And if I’d had better-paying options, I might not have dared to take that job at the Economist, because financially, it was a huge struggle: My disposable monthly income, after loans, rent and taxes, was in the low hundreds.
 However, a high Australian dollar will keep the door open for another rate cut, because a stronger currency tightens financial conditions.
 “When people say we’ve reached the bottom, I say, ‘watch out,’ because the market is still decreasing.
 “However, continued efforts need to be made, and not only because it appears highly unlikely at this point that the full set of diversity benchmarks will be attained by the target date.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 The new plan would appease those House Republicans who have pressed to defund the health-care law as part of the stopgap measure, according to a congressional aide who wasn’t authorized to speak on the record because no plan is final.
 Dozens of fellow Republicans objected because the spending bill could be passed even if, as is likely, the Senate kept funding for the health law.
 Another option House Republicans are weighing is delaying both the government funding and debt-ceiling fights until just before next year’s congressional elections, according to two House Republican aides who asked not to be identified because the talks were private.
 “I’m not for independence because I feel British,” she said.
 I’m not sure it’d be positive for equities, because it would imply the Fed is concerned about the U.
 The “Saudi America” myth helps sell these policies because it implies that the U.
 because it will affect gas prices, for example, and so on.
 “People liked the election and quantitative easing because they think they take out some of the big downside move possibilities,” said Dominic Salvino , a specialist at Group One Trading, the primary market maker for VIX options, said in an interview on the CBOE floor.
 The G-20 summit may be the biggest driver in the currency market next week because there are no important economic reports being released, said Win Thin , a senior currency strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co.
 “We would rather acquire a small or medium-size company than a big company because we can use our scale to make the small company a big company.
 And we say no because Argentina does not need to sell and we are working to keep lowering rates.
 “It was a smart move, because I would have crawled on my hands and knees to win this bet.
 “That wasn’t hard to turn down because for me it was never as much about the money as it was about the pride and the fundraising aspect,” Gimelstob said.
 “It is impossible to know the exact number until after the race because so much is tied into pledges and finishing times,” Gimelstob said.
 He said Gimelstob’s effort is especially effective because it fills a void.
 “It’s great for us to have celebrities running because it raises the awareness of the race and the charities,” Wittenberg said in a telephone interview.
html World palm oil output may grow at a below-normal rate next year because the warmer, drier El Nino weather pattern affecting Malaysia and Indonesia will likely reduce yields, a Malaysia-based industry adviser said.
 “I am here because I believe that in our interconnected world increased commerce between the U.
 Collahuasi may be able to maintain production because it previously stockpiled ore to be processed into concentrates, the intermediary product that is shipped to Asian smelters, Macquarie Group Ltd.
 Rubin said he’d create an estate tax, increase taxes for the top two brackets of upper-income Americans and leave in place the middle-class tax rates “for a limited period” because economic growth will take time to quicken.
 “The markets are starting to focus on that because wheat is so tight right now,” Streit said.
 If the Fed surprises investors with a smaller-than- anticipated initiative, mortgage bonds may outperform Treasuries because it will add less relative demand for government debt and benchmark interest rates may rise, reducing the amount of homeowner refinancing that is moving debt from the central bank’s balance sheet to the market, Barclays analysts in New York led by Ajay Rajadhyaksha wrote in an Oct.
 Trading may become more expensive because the yield spread between Irish 10-year government bonds and an index of AAA-rated euro-region debt has surpassed 450 basis points, said John Burke , head of fixed income at LCH in London.
 or Etisalat as the United Arab Emirates’ largest phone company is known, holds a board meeting today, the person said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 For sale are about $250 million of interests in two Asia funds managed by CVC and 15 million euros ($21 million) in a European fund, said one person who requested anonymity because the sale process is private.
 The New York-based firm, whose more than 200 traders make bets using partners’ capital, is set to begin raising money from investors in the first quarter, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 And so I think that we’d like to continue to keep our powder dry because we do feel that there are one or more strategic opportunities in the future.
 The ECB purchased debt maturing in 2019 and 2025, one of the traders said on condition of anonymity because the deals are confidential.
 “This is very important because the good police officers are going to stay,” Trevino said.
 All of these efforts eventually failed because the costs were high, quality wasn’t great and the systems weren’t widely available.
 “But we have to keep in mind that the reason the Fed would be doing less is because the economy is getting better.
 to proceed with its Prosperity gold and copper project in British Columbia project under its current plan because it would cause too much damage to the environment.
 The government must sign off on the bid because BHP is a foreign company.
 ‘Trends in the Business’ Lloyds issued more detailed figures for the third quarter of 2009 because the bank was raising capital, Daniels told reporters.
html Hungary must cut spending because a plan to impose temporary taxes and retain pension-fund savings will fail to control the fiscal deficit from 2013 and risk long- term funding, Morgan Stanley and UniCredit SpA said.
 would benefit because Republicans oppose legislation to limit the outsourcing of maintenance work abroad and to subject global airline alliances to antitrust regulation.
 ‘Developments’ “Currencies are going to play a part because there are different developments in different countries so this is certainly going to be an issue,” Norway’s Finance Minister Sigbjoern Johnsen said in an interview in Oslo today.
 Is that because Mexico is under attack by drug cartels.
 Jones said that, because the SEC sued before the Supreme Court decision came out in June, the agency can file an amended complaint.
 “This is not a long-term dream because we are working on that as we speak.
html Investors should buy VIX puts because the benchmark measure of U.
 The debt may include a combination of loans and bonds, said the person, who declined to be identified because the transaction is private.
html BP Plc said it expects oil-trading profit to stay “weak” during the fourth quarter due to a lack of price volatility and because refining margins are likely to decline.
 Trading may become more expensive because the yield spread between Irish 10-year government bonds and an index of AAA-rated euro-region debt has surpassed 450 basis points, said John Burke, head of fixed income at LCH in London.
 official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is continuing.
 The retailer is preparing a so-called prepackaged bankruptcy, in which a company and its creditors agree to key terms before filing a petition with the court, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 Muslim leaders called for a boycott of the constitution because it establishes a secular state in a country where about 99 percent of the population follows Islam.
 Empty Properties Foreclosures are included in a part of the Census Bureau report that also includes vacation homes intended for year-round use and homes that are unoccupied because they are under renovation or tied up in legal proceedings.
 The stock also may rally along with the economic recovery in emerging markets because the company bought Orascom Construction Industries in 2008 to expand its presence in the developing world, he said.
 “It is an enormous commitment because capital budget are at a premium now.
 Investors may find it more difficult to exit bets on badlar-linked bonds in the case of a selloff because the securities trade infrequently, said Silver Cloud’s Salvucci.
 “As a method of adjustment, I prefer badlar because bank rates will react more rapidly than the CPI, at least until there is a change of government,” said Noelia Lucini , a portfolio manager with Capital Markets Argentina in Buenos Aires.
 carmaker, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 to expand its asset purchases were stronger because the Federal Reserve is battling a bigger deflation threat.
 The ECB purchased debt maturing in 2019 and 2025, one of the traders said under condition of anonymity because the deals are confidential.
 The ECB’s bond purchases differ from so-called quantitative easing policies pursued by the Federal Reserve and Bank of England because the central bank mops up the liquidity created by the purchases, meaning the net effect on the money supply is neutral.
 were hired by the Gurgaon, Haryana-based company, the people said, declining to be named because the arrangements are confidential.
” England’s bid may be hurt because the allegations were made in a London newspaper, some FIFA officials said.
 “They chose to take that risk because they expected to make enormous amounts of money.
6 trillion yuan of fiscal guarantees for their financing vehicles, said the person, who declined to be identified because the estimates are secret.
 Investors will get back their capital in Cypress Lane Asia Fund, which bets on both rising and falling stocks in the region, by the end of November, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 4, said the people, who declined to be named because the order is still pending.
 “You are talking about something immensely significant because you are mobilizing a citizen movement about corruption and around several other issues,” Friedman said.
 “Bogdanka should pay the dividend because it can afford to,” the newspaper quoted Marek Sojka, the deputy CEO of the PTE PZU investment fund that owns 9.
, said the person, who declined to be identified because the conversations are private.
 and Deutsche Bank AG will manage the bond sale, according to a person familiar with the negotiations, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 The European Union faces problems because it may lose competitiveness and the debt problems in Greece, Spain, Ireland and Portugal are yet to be resolved, he said at a conference in Cape Town today.
 “The damage award was as large as it was because the infringing product, Humira, is as big as it is,” Dianne Elderkin , a Centocor lawyer at Akin Gump in Philadelphia, told the three-judge panel.
 “But the situation is very uncertain because Marek Belka is clearly against the hike.
 The acquisition of Talecris isn’t likely to be blocked by the FTC because Grifols has little presence in the U.
 “The franc temporarily gets the mantle ‘best major,’” because others are not doing well, said Michael Derks , the chief currency strategist at FXPro Financial Services Ltd.
 Yellow Mud Bricks On a visit in August, he pointed to ventilation holes high in the walls of the tile-roofed house they relied on to provide relief from the humid summer heat because the house has no air- conditioning.
 Inland economies will find it more difficult than their coastal counterparts did because they are paying more for commodities, says Ben Simpfendorfer , the Hong Kong-based chief China economist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc.
 District Court ruling that the agency lacks authority to regulate the devices as drugs because they are recreational, not therapeutic.
 “We must do everything within our power to prevent outsourcing jobs because it undermines our economic development objectives, slows our recovery and deprives Ohioans and other Americans of employment opportunities,” the government said.
 “The storm is going to make a difficult situation even worse because cholera mainly spreads through water and more water supply disruption will increase the risks for cholera,” said Daniel Epstein , a spokesman for Pan-American Health Organization.
 Investors will get back their capital in Cypress Lane Asia Fund, which bets on both rising and falling stocks in the region, by the end of November, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 One in five funds globally may be liquidated by the first quarter because smaller managers are starved for fees and new capital, Justin Fredericks, head of U.
 “There is still room, especially on the super high end, but Shanghai and Beijing might not be the best choices” because wealthy consumers in those cities often shop abroad, he said.
 “The political side is always difficult, because they come from a different agenda, but that’s the wild card,” said Greg Eckel , who helps manage C$900 million at Morgan Meighen & Associates Ltd.
 The S&P 500 may rally as much as 16 percent in the next six months because the election will stymie legislative initiatives in Congress, billionaire investor Kenneth Fisher said.
 The Supreme Court might deadlock 4-4 because Elena Kagan , the newest justice, has disqualified herself.
 Department of Transport said he doesn’t comment on the specifics of the airport security regime because transparency makes the system easier to breach.
 Lenders will get an interest rate of 130 basis points more than benchmarks on a $1 billion five-year revolving credit and a margin of 100 basis points on a $2 billion three-year revolver, said the person, who declined to be identified because the deal is private.
 The San Diego-based company may see lower demand for Ofirmev, the first intravenous form of the pain medicine acetaminophen, because data shows the drug works only a few hours beyond surgery, Ladenburg Thalmann said, cutting the stock’s rating to “sell” from “neutral.
 The accord will likely be announced during a three-day diplomatic visit that starts this Thursday, said the people, who declined to be named because the order is still pending.
 TFA members are there because they believe in what they're doing.
 “The guys are well aware of the matters we’re apart on because from the onset they put those issues to us to take to the bargaining table.
 It’s also losing about $5 million in revenue because its water utility is losing customers who are forced to leave their homes.
 “Government measures work better in the existing home market because the strict home purchase restrictions effectively restrain some purchasing power,” Jeffrey Gao, a Shanghai-based analyst at Royal Bank of Scotland Plc, said in a phone interview.
 “This is one of the most difficult questions because the contagion effects that are feared are substantial.
” German Chancellor Angela Merkel said today that aiding Greece is “defensible” because a euro-area sovereign default would be uncontrollable.
 halted a water decontamination system today after five hours because a cesium-absorption unit supplied by Kurion Inc.
” After weeks of speculation, the league this weekend officially will cancel its Las Vegas summer league because the timing of planning for the games has become unworkable, NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver said yesterday.
html Australia’s economic outlook is strong because robust growth in the Asia region led by India and China continues to drive demand for commodities, according to Treasurer Wayne Swan .
 “I am not going to name the other countries simply because we agreed in the meeting that they will go back and make their own announcements, which they will do in the next 24 hours,” he said at a news conference with Qatari Foreign Minister Khalid Al Attiyah.
 10 to unveil new iPhones, Apple and China Mobile are near a deal for the world’s largest wireless carrier to offer the device, said a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 IPhone users are typically more profitable to wireless carriers because they use their phones more for data-intensive tasks such as searching the web and watching videos, said Sui of Strategy Analytics.
 Chief Executive Officer Sergio Marchionne plans to sell Chrysler models under the Fiat brand in Brazil to reach the first goal that 90 percent of Fiat’s Latin American dealers offer Chrysler vehicles, the people said, declining to be identified because the plans are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Bonds’s lawyers say he truthfully testified that he received performance-enhancing substances from Anderson, while not knowing what they were because they were new at the time.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 “Bernanke’s statements affected this positively because it showed cheap money will continue.
 “Even if we don’t see the risk of demand spurring inflation in the near future, we can’t ignore imported prices, because they influence inflation expectations that could turn into wage demands and set off a wage-price spiral,” Belka said.
 The Frankfurt-based bank may announce plans to sell new shares and other securities as early as today, said the people, who declined to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
 Gold will find it difficult to cross the $1,460 level because the momentum is not there.
 Monte Paschi, which showed the weakest result among Italian banks in European stress tests last year, is cutting costs and selling assets because it has to repay a 1.
 The investment values the company at about $3 billion, said the people, who requested anonymity because the transaction was private.
” The plan doesn’t propose specific cuts to Social Security, because Ryan said Republicans want to leave room for a possible compromise with Democrats.
 Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio , who heads the Republican Study Committee, a bloc of fiscally conservative lawmakers, said he was unsure whether to support the plan because it takes so long to erase the deficit.
5 million is superior to other bids because it takes on more liabilities for movie studios and covers other costs.
 Norway, where energy production makes up about 25 percent of the economy, is pushing into the Arctic and relying more on gas because oil output has slumped 50 percent since peaking in 2000 as North Sea fields mature.
 The district is being forced to restructure the debt in the form of certificates of participation, because it is losing its standby purchase agreement with Dexia Credit Local, a unit of Dexia SA (DEXB) , April 23.
 Some asset managers won’t buy them, Byrnes said, because they fear that the issuer would walk away from the lease.
, said the traders, who asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
 Comparisons often overstate the costs of solar because they may take into account the prices paid by consumers and small businesses who install roof-top power systems, instead of the rates utilities charge each other, said Qu of Canadian Solar.
 ‘Diversify’ “You have to be diversified, because there are always unforeseen circumstances, and that will continue,” said Waugh.
 The OCC sent cease-and-desist orders to servicers in February, according to a person familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity because the orders had not been made public.
 London-based HSBC, Europe ’s largest bank by market value, is the bank, according to the person, who requested anonymity because the U.
 The name came from a street in Finneytown, Ohio, because the word appealed to the company.
 The company may temporarily shutter factories in North America because component supplies are running low after production in Japan was halted in the aftermath of the earthquake, the Associated Press reported, citing Toyota spokesman Mike Goss.
 “There’s now this groundswell of political and public opinion that’s pushing back against the central bank because ultimately there is a political cost of higher inflation,” Morden said by phone from Stamford , Connecticut .
 Ryanair faces a charge to fund the bridges at Alicante’s new terminal and also prefers stairs because they can be used at both doors, cutting boarding times, it said today.
 “Ethanol had been able to keep pace because we had higher crude oil prices .
 “It’s plan B now for the News of the World because their rogue reporter defense, which has perhaps been unsustainable to those in the know for six months, now is unsustainable,” said Duncan Lamont, a media lawyer at Charles Russell in London .
 benchmark, because refiners say existing rules fail to eliminate variability that can cut product yields.
 “Right now refineries have to discount WTI in their systems compared to other available grades because there is a lot of variability,” said Houston-based Anita Koval, a senior crude trader for Lion Oil Co.
 “I’m not saying an absolute no because if you do believe that this bank is not going to default, is not going to have haircuts, why not get paid for it.
 “If we start talking about haircuts, not saving the worst banks, this is going to be quite challenging for this kind of CoCo because then you have to reprice all the financial debts, you’ve got to reprice the potential of haircuts.
 “Obviously, the central bank’s rate is going to go up further as inflation will continue to strengthen through May or June, but it’s a futile effort because once global food and fuel prices start falling, inflation will start to ease on its own regardless of the repo rate,” said Vuckovic, head of research at the Belgrade-based Economics Institute.
 Televisa has said it plans to participate in the wireless business, either through a direct investment or a reselling arrangement, because it expects growth in the industry.
 because it is strategically located for the wider development of the company in the general locale of the Mediterranean and beyond,” said Hurrell.
 ‘Misconstrued Picture’ “If silent participations from Soffin are counted, that would create a misconstrued picture because then banks that needed support during the crisis are okay, and some who did better are hurt,” said Dichtl.
 The Association of German Public Sector Banks , which represents the country’s state-owned lenders, including Landesbanken, said last month that silent participations should count as core capital because during the 2011-2012 timeframe for the stress tests such instruments are still valid as capital.
 as a threat to competition in the travel-information search business, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the matter is still confidential.
 French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe called the situation on the ground “confused” and said coalition pilots are having difficulty identifying targets because both sides are using the same types of pick-up trucks.
 “We have to monitor inflation and inflation expectations extremely closely because if my assumptions prove not to be correct, then we would certainly have to respond to that and ensure that we maintain price stability ,” he said.
, a continued weakening of the yen will prompt investors to take a fresh look at Treasury investment because it brings a far higher return,” said Susumu Kato , chief economist for Japan in Tokyo at Credit Agricole CIB and CLSA.
 Palestinians consider the site a West Bank settlement because it was captured by Israel from Jordan during the 1967 Middle East war.
 “We have to monitor inflation and inflation expectations extremely closely because if my assumptions prove not to be correct, then we would certainly have to respond to that and ensure that we maintain price stability ,” he said.
 and Warburg Pincus LLC, told banks pitching for work on a potential IPO that it may sell 25 percent to 50 percent of the company in a share sale, the people said, declining to be named because the talks are confidential.
 SEC Probe The Securities and Exchange Commission is probing whether Sokol, 54, bought shares in Lubrizol on inside information that Berkshire was considering buying the company, according to a person who declined to be identified because the investigation is secret.
 “We have to monitor inflation and inflation expectations extremely closely because if my assumptions prove not to be correct, then we would certainly have to respond to that and ensure that we maintain price stability ,” he said.
" The Nikkei newspaper reported today that Japan will request a waiver to the Kyoto Protocol because the record earthquake and tsunami on March 11 is forcing increased use of fossil-fuel power plants to deal with an electricity shortage.
 Businessmen and politicians want to build the plant because they want to build their bank balances.
 His personal assistant Satish Lalit said the chief minister was unavailable because he was attending the state assembly.
 Toyota may suspend all of its 14 plants in North America as early as April because parts procurement has been hampered since the March 11 earthquake, the Kyodo News reported.
 That task has grown more difficult because lenders are tightening credit requirements, he said.
 “We have a lot of miscellaneous beans now because there are only two auctions left.
 Intersil might make a target for other companies that want to broaden their own product lines in response because its stock price-to-sales ratio is relatively cheap, said Doug Freedman , a Gleacher & Co.
 “The commission reduced the fine because the subsidiaries could not pay it and ArcelorMittal refused to do it for them,” Amelia Torres, a spokeswoman for the European Commission said in an e-mailed statement yesterday.
 The city had to give six months notice because union agreements require that much warning if jobs are being outsourced, Righeimer said.
3 billion people based on “concerns about their own domestic stability” and “they’re not about to change their system because the U.
 An existing agreement between Britain’s biggest banks and Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne known as Project Merlin “isn’t worth the paper it is written on” because the government has no way of enforcing it, said Umunna, who sits on the Treasury Select Committee of the House of Commons.
 They anticipated that the effects on inflation of the recent run-up in commodity prices would prove transitory, in part because they saw longer-term inflation expectations remaining stable.
 “Investors are shy of Novorossiysk stock right now because there is uncertainty over how long the gap between losing oil and picking up other cargos will last,” said Chris Weafer , chief strategist at UralSib Financial Corp.
 In addition, “Investors were disappointed with Novorossiysk’s acquisition of Primorsk because it was expensive.
 immigration law is overhauled, the lawmakers say, Obama should use his executive power to protect families facing deportation or separation because at least one parent is an illegal immigrant.
 GVK is talking with investors including 3i Group Plc and Actis LLP, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 He said the relationship ended because Fannie Mae found that six loans Taylor Bean had sold to it defaulted before a single payment had been made.
 Investors view Cisco as a bellwether for the technology industry because it dominates the market for equipment that directs Internet traffic .
 The FDA said in September 2007 it couldn’t approve Prexige for patients suffering from osteoarthritis because studies showed too high a rate of liver damage.
 The situation in Japan “will not affect the targets and the pledges because the targets and the pledges are commensurate with what science tells us needs to be done in terms of emissions reductions,” Runge-Metzger said in an interview in Bangkok.
 Mining companies haven’t kept pace with demand because reserves are becoming harder to find and the quality of ore is declining, meaning less copper is extracted from each ton of rock.
 ‘Not Too Worried’ Today’s announcement contrasted with central bank Deputy Governor Yi Gang saying March 23 that interest rates were at a “comfortable” level and that he was “not too worried” by inflation because price increases will slow in the second half of the year.
 Vodafone said it doesn’t owe the Indian government taxes because the transaction was conducted offshore, with its Dutch subsidiary, Vodafone International Holdings BV, acquiring CGP Ltd.
 Recent gains in wheat may have been exaggerated because crops in central Kansas are in better shape than areas further west, said Tom Leffler , the owner of Leffler Commodities LLC in Augusta, Kansas.
 PBOC Deputy Governor Yi Gang said March 23 that interest rates were at a “comfortable” level and he was “not too worried” by inflation because price increases will slow in the second half of the year.
 At their March meeting, committee members anticipated the effects of rising commodity prices would be “transitory, in part because they saw longer-term inflation expectations remaining stable.
 European Central Bank policy makers have signaled that they may raise their benchmark interest rate from a record low of 1 percent when they next meet April 7 because euro-area inflation is breaching the 2 percent limit.
 “I don’t expect to see it higher before that because we are going through this phase of investment.
 in Boston , said Abengoa’s debt load is elevated because it is nearing the end of its development cycle.
 Product futures are vulnerable to changes in Brent because some refineries on the U.
 Dumping began April 3 because radioactive water on site is hindering repair of cooling pumps.
5-year second-lien loan, said the person, who declined to be identified because the deal is private.
 “It would be a dream come true,” Todd said, adding he is not sure he will try out for the squad because it might conflict with Duke trips to China and Dubai.
 Financial Services Authority, the people said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the proceedings are confidential.
 “It may take longer than usual, because many people are doing the same thing, making delivery companies busy.
 Some unemployed people have not contributed to the program because they have not worked in the past 12 months or their employment is not insured.
 Some 15 attorneys general and their staff attended the meeting, said the person, who declined to be identified because the meeting was private.
 But they’re both up to it, and will get it done because it has to get done.
 “It’s likely they will come to terms and cooperate because they are both institutionalists,” said Representative Rob Andrews, a New Jersey Democrat.
 “Inflation is no longer an issue because investors are confident that Bank Indonesia will take the right steps to manage inflation by allowing the rupiah to strengthen.
 stocks, which fell to the slowest pace this year, is poised to contract because Citigroup Inc.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 “The service quality is not going to be as good as a terrestrial network like Clearwire’s, but from Time Warner Cable’s perspective, having LightSquared as an option may be an attractive proposition because it gains national coverage.
 The dealers are among bond brokers gauging whether they can assemble bids from customers that would beat AIG’s offer if the Fed decides to sell the assets, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “It will affect SJM’s share price positively because the company is moving toward a steady situation.
” Frank said the Neighborhood Stabilization Program is supported by mayors and county executives, many of whom are Republicans, because it helps cities buy abandoned properties that are a blight on neighborhoods.
 have also cut their forecasts while noting that the economy will still expand because the rebuilding will spur demand and help offset damage on growth in the period.
 Rather, Roughead said, he wanted to move the flattop because even residual traces of radiation on a nuclear-powered warship, while not harmful from a health standpoint, could be mistaken as a sign of a shipboard nuclear leak requiring identification and cleanup, he said.
 The 20-member panel may approve an initial public offering of the Osram lighting unit and fold the industrial solutions unit into other businesses, said one of the people, declining to be named because the plans are private.
 “Bank of Japan bond underwriting is a policy that is evaluated highly worldwide because it helped Japan recover from the Great Depression before others,” when the policy was implemented by then-finance minister Korekiyo Takahashi, the Kaneko group’s proposal said.
 That’s why manholes aren’t square--they’re round, because no matter how you rotate a round cover, it can never fall through a round hole.
) Rickover went with the design because it was likely to be ready soonest and because it produced plutonium-239, a bomb- making material, as a byproduct.
 The case for these new, safer plants doesn’t come through clearly because their existence conflicts with the agendas of both pro- and anti-nuclear organizations.
 Westinghouse’s reservoir above the AP1000’s containment vessel, clever as it is, doesn’t fit into Category A because it involves moving fluids and valves.
 “It’s mainly because we produced less than projected last year, so we’re starting from a lower base,” he said.
 Payment installments for the ESM should be prolonged to ease the impact on the German budget, the official said on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Financial Services Authority, the people said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the proceedings are confidential.
 That’s because it wants to prioritize roof-top projects over large- scale solar farms.
 Countries that contribute to the pool, with new members including China and India , are seeking an agreement on how much of the credit line ’s $583 billion should be made available and for how long, according to one official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are not public.
 would be a “cosmetic thing” and wouldn’t require large changes because WPP has kept most of its offices and operations in London, he said.
 Australian lenders have been barred from selling the securities, which are backed by assets that stay on their balance sheet and can be sold in a default, because they conflict with local laws favoring depositors over creditors.
html Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport will get a second nighttime air-traffic controller after two flights had to land unaided, possibly because the lone person on duty was asleep.
 The Tsai family’s attempt to acquire the Kbro stake through their carrier had to be scrapped because Taipei City government is an indirect shareholder of Taiwan Mobile and regulations prevent government ownership of media operators.
 “I don’t ask about their work because they are working under great stress.
 stocks, which fell to the slowest pace this year, is poised to contract because Citigroup Inc.
 “We never made provisions for the fine on our balance sheet because it was such a completely unfair fine.
 “If banks have good results today, it is also because taxpayers helped them to survive.
html Imperial Tobacco Group Plc (IMT) , Europe’s second-biggest tobacco company, expects first-half cigarette volume to fall because buying patterns in the U.
 Hong Kong ’s top court ruled last year that Kissel’s 2005 trial was unfair because prejudicial evidence against her was wrongly introduced.
 utilities may be more likely to keep burning natural gas because the new tax would limit their ability to profit from switching to coal when market prices for EU emission allowances are relatively low, said Emmanuel Fages , an analyst in Paris at Orbeo, the carbon-trading venture of Rhodia SA and Societe Generale SA.
 utilities may be more likely to keep burning natural gas because the new tax would limit their ability to profit from switching to coal when market prices for EU emission allowances are relatively low, said Emmanuel Fages , an analyst in Paris at Orbeo, the carbon-trading venture of Rhodia SA (RHA) and Societe Generale SA.
 Carbon permits track natural gas because utilities burning the fuel need to buy about half as many allowances as those using coal.
” The impact of the tax on carbon prices will be limited partly because the U.
 Most major automakers will experience disruptions by mid-April because supply networks are intertwined, Robinet said yesterday.
 “The requests are coming from auto manufacturers because the situation is increasingly tight,” Huth said yesterday.
 A parts shortage from Japan would have ripple effects on other suppliers because missing parts would delay sales of other components they assemble, said Clepa’s Holmqvist.
 (ARUN) call spreads because the company may benefit from tablet computer adoption and has a 30 percent chance of being acquired in the next 12 months, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Derivatives strategists Katherine Fogertey and John Marshall recommended buying Aruba’s July $33 calls and selling January $40 calls in a trade known as a “spread” because July implied volatility, the key gauge of options prices, is “in- line” with three-month historical volatility but “high” over one year.
 Sixty-nine percent of the people asked said the coalition will win because Labor deserves to lose, according to the poll.
 Southern Sudan’s investment minister, Oyay Deng Ajak, said in a phone interview in Juba that he couldn’t comment on the report because he had not seen it.
 You can say the SEC is different because its civil actions are sort of semi-criminal.
 He signed it, he said, because guilty pleas in parallel criminal cases and the size of the civil penalty consented to by Vitesse Semiconductor Corp.
 “Qaddafi is still confident he can succeed because he has full control of the capital,” the Milan-based newspaper cited Berlusconi as saying.
 “This is because the UK is a gas-led power market and thus the higher costs cannot be passed on in full.
 Golf Association was consulted at every stage, because the course is scheduled to stage the U.
 The buyers are Russian composer Igor Krutoy and his wife, Olga, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction who asked not to be named because the details of the purchase haven't been made public.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The mine wouldn’t face delays if the plant isn’t built because Cobre Panama could rely on power from the national grid in the first few years of operation, Tilk said.
 Lundin said March 20 its shareholders should reject Equinox’s offer partly because the bid represents an inadequate takeover premium and the Perth-based company would take on too much debt to finance the deal.
3 percent of holders gave their consent, said the person, who didn’t want to be identified because the terms are private.
 The levels under consideration range from more than one percentage point to as high as 3 percentage points of their common equity, said the people, who couldn’t be identified because the talks are private.
” Stewart said she felt compelled to do her part because on her visits to Japan, the Japanese people have treated her “with such hospitality and with such good will and good nature.
 “Inflation is good for companies because it means more pricing power.
 ‘Our Guys’ “We know because one of our guys is on the board,” Rajaratnam said on a wiretap played for jurors earlier in the trial.
 Lynam suggested to Goel that Rajaratnam traded in Goel’s account not as payment for tips but because he was a generous friend.
 Preliminary calculations put the cost of a lifeline from 50 billion to 70 billion euros, said the officials, who declined to be named because the issue is confidential.
 And because conservation frees up cash otherwise delivered to people like Muammar Qaddafi , these jobs will create jobs, while reducing pollution and greenhouse gasses -- a nice payback.
 Nigeria, holder of Africa’s largest gas reserves, burns off, or flares, most of the fuel it produces along with oil because it lacks the infrastructure to process it.
 Conroy said comparisons with some earlier rates are unfair because they represent fees when his client was an in-network doctor.
 Aetna, which collects more than enough premium and administrative revenue to earn healthy profits, is suing because it wants to make even more money, Conroy said.
 Amgen can afford to return money to shareholders because the company generates a lot of cash compared with its capital expenditures , Geoffrey Meacham , a JPMorgan Securities analyst based in New York, said in a March 3 note.
 “A company is often reluctant to initiate a dividend because it feels to management like they are giving up on growth or they are afraid that investors will no longer view them as capable of growing,” Oelschlager said in an e-mail.
 Lloyds, 41 percent government-owned, will probably be offered to investors first as the London-based bank is better prepared for a sale, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private and the plans may change.
 “Absent a balanced budget, in effect an all-cuts budget, the odds would increase that we wouldn’t be able to sell bonds until next January because the treasurer has no interest in trying to access the market without a balanced budget,” Tom Dresslar , a spokesman for Lockyer, said in an interview yesterday.
2 billion five-year pre-export facility in February, said the person, who declined to be identified because the transaction is confidential.
 Recent natural disasters including a temblor in New Zealand and floods in Australia have not been enough to prompt a review in reinsurance rates because there was enough excess capital to cover for the damages, he said.
” Still, Japan remains committed to nuclear power because it needs non-polluting energy sources, the government’s nuclear safety spokesman said March 23.
 Tax Increase A citizen-sponsored ballot initiative in November would probably need to seek tax increases, because the temporary measures end with the fiscal year in June.
 A November vote likely would favor Brown’s cause because Democratic turnout is typically heavier for elections that month, said Jaime A.
 He was called out of turn by the government because he will be outside the U.
2 billion five-year pre-export facility in February, said the person, who declined to be identified because the transaction is confidential.
html Fish sold in Japan ’s sushi restaurants and shipped overseas have a lower risk of nuclear contamination than leafy vegetables because radiation is diluted in seawater, according to the Agriculture Ministry.
 If solutions aren’t found soon, most major automakers will experience disruptions by mid-April because supply networks are intertwined, Robinet said.
 Yi said yesterday interest rates are at “comfortable” level and he’s “not too worried” by inflation because the pace of price increases will slow in the second half of this year.
 “Swaps may have more declines because there is so much liquidity in the financial system and the market has less expectations about an interest-rate hike,” said Pin Ru Tan, a strategist in Singapore at Royal Bank of Scotland Group.
 (WFC) Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf said home-equity losses remain his “top concern” because unemployment in the U.
 Other developers may be reluctant because the low margins also leave little room for unexpected expenses, according to ING Real Estate Investment Asia , which manages 3.
 CEZ, which operates six nuclear reactors and plans to build at least two more, does not need to take additional security measures because the power plants are already under a very strict regimen, Svoboda said.
” Barclays Capital’s Giuseppe Maraffino, fixed-income strategist: “With respect to market impact on Portuguese bonds, in the near term, we suspect bond yields will keep pushing higher if only because uncertainty will prevail, and a number of investors will likely be forced or willing to reduce their positions further.
 A financial lifeline would be between 50 billion euros and 70 billion euros, according to the officials, who declined to be named because the issue is confidential.
 The decrease is probably because customers have realized they can reserve the model without waiting in line, he said.
 Europeans buyers of the new iPad won’t be going after speeds because faster LTE networks are available only in a few countries such as Sweden and parts of Germany and are still being planned in others including France and the U.
 each pledged S$500 million, the person said, asking not to be identified because details are private.
 Philippine companies “are still growing faster than the underlying economy because we are either growing by introducing more products within the Philippines or ASEAN,” he said, referring to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
, said four traders who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The facility will include a six-year term loan priced at 1 basis point more than the three-month London interbank offered rate and a four-year term loan priced the same as the benchmark, the people said, declining to be identified because the details are private.
 “They may still face future losses, but those will be at a much smaller scale because their exposure is reduced greatly after all the actions by the EU.
 And Goldman’s $4 billion investment in Kinder Morgan will continue to grow because it was able to buy the El Paso assets it wanted on the cheap, without a true market test.
 The company may show the successor to its Xbox 360 in June 2013 at the E3 conference and put it on sale that same year, said the people, who declined to be named because the plans are confidential.
 “Cuts are unlikely for the rest of the year because economic activity has been faster than forecast and higher inflation has started to appear,” Cerda said in a telephone interview.
 Still, “the near-term news has undoubtedly got better, certainly than was the case in November, because the ECB has succeeded in taking out a strand of this potential feedback loop between the banks and the sovereigns by insuring the funding of the banks,” he said.
” Capital Gains In an analysis of the impact of pre-crisis excessive borrowing on economic growth, Broadbent said it’s a mistake for officials to focus on the burdens faced by indebted households who bought property, because their borrowing was accompanied by capital gains earned by sellers.
 Lewis, who is currently the company’s deputy chief risk officer as well as head of risk for the corporate and investment bank, will be proposed to the supervisory board at a meeting today to discuss a wider management shake-up, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
  (Note: Nelson said he left Goldman before getting his 2011 bonus because he felt so strongly about starting his own company.
" Nelson added: "There were countless times that 'clients were made good' at the expense of commission or profit because the culture was so client-focused, this certainly rubbed off on me -- I used to fly to Hong Kong for a LUNCH with a particular client every three months, like clockwork, because it was the right thing to do not because of some underhand attempt to make money.
 Presiding at a table in the corner, Culligan of Raytheon said his company had decided to sponsor the “1776” production in part because its headquarters are in Boston , one of the cradles of the American rebellion.
6 billion loan, frozen last year because the government, which faces elections this year, refused to raise household utility costs to balance the budget.
 The appeals court said that because the two parties agree the settlement should be approved, the adversary is essentially Rakoff.
 “We are going to protest peacefully because the electoral process is not transparent,” he told reporters in Conakry, the capital, today.
 Subtracting Borrowing Costs The interest deduction, which lets companies subtract borrowing costs from taxable income, is important for private equity firms because debt is at the core of their business model.
 They asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 McGahn likes to tell people that almost all of history’s wars started because political leaders misunderstood their adversaries.
 diplomat, who didn’t want to be named because he still works in China, Han’s relation to Zhang may have given him an early look at yet-to-be-published government regulations and provided Sinovel preference in the kinds of turbines chosen to power the state-planned wind farms.
 Watching Natural Gas Those two areas make good barometers because natural gas is their primary fuel for heating and cooling, she said.
 I just think they were appointed because they think like him.
 Supporters of the law have said Justice Clarence Thomas should disqualify himself because his wife, Virginia , previously worked for groups fighting passage of the measure.
 “A further big slump may not be possible because valuations for large companies are pretty low.
 At the same time, “China will continue to attract foreign investment because it has an expanding middle class that offers attractive opportunities.
 While the agriculture department and the Food and Drug Administration say the product is safe, critics object because they say it is unappetizing, made of inferior parts and may harbor pathogens like E.
 “The Fitch announcement is news to the market because its focus had shifted from the U.
 “The French manufacturers are struggling because the French economy is weaker than it was a year ago, and Fiat is being hit by the very weak Italian market,” said Jonathon Poskitt , head of European sales forecasting at LMC Automotive in Oxford.
 “The premium brands like BMW and Audi are holding up fairly well, partly because the German economy, where they operate strongly, is outperforming most of western Europe.
 Boku Accounts That method doesn’t work for physical goods because carriers charge such a high fee that it wipes out the profit for merchant.
 (UOB) , the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Moore said Hudson didn’t have to be held in custody because he had no prior criminal history.
 De Laurentiis because thanks to him we have risen from the ashes of bankruptcy,” said Giuseppe Montanino, 61, a doctor from Casalnuovo di Napoli, a small town near Naples.
 “I received a lot of offers and requests but I said no because I said, ‘Why must I sell.
 She uses Bushmills Black Bush Irish whiskey, because she likes the dark, fruity notes, and accentuates with Cherry Heering liqueur and house- made ginger syrup.
 Wyden-Ryan is far more progressive than the original Ryan plan because it guarantees that the benefits of those who choose to buy insurance on the exchanges will be no lower than those who choose traditional Medicare.
 The company failed to meet a target, included in its mid- term business plan , of reducing the sector’s proportion of operating profit to 30 percent from 50 percent because the auto industry continues to be too important, Matsumoto said.
 Philippine companies “are still growing faster than the underlying economy because we are either growing by introducing more products within the Philippines or ASEAN,” Sicat said, referring to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
 The volumes were not known, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
6 billion loan, frozen last year because the government, which faces elections this year, refused to raise household utility costs to balance the budget.
 China has now suspended a total of 55 plane orders, said the people, who declined to be identified because details of the contracts are private.
 Pant said that because Indian rating company Crisil Ltd.
 Junior Employee Seven former Goldman Sachs partners and managing directors, positions that are more senior than vice president, said in interviews that Smith shouldn’t be taken seriously because he was a junior employee and may have been disgruntled about his pay or career.
 Even so, they said they don’t expect the board of directors to take action or that anything will change because the firm has made money and outperformed most rivals.
” NYU’s Smith, who’s not related to the author of the op-ed, said Wall Street’s culture has changed because trading has become a more important source of revenue than the fees banks get from advising companies on takeovers or financing.
 Blackouts in Five Years King said power outages could occur as early as 2017 as old nuclear, oil and coal-fired power stations are closed because not enough is being done to replace them.
 “The basic idea from DECC of setting a floor to the carbon price is a very good one, but I don’t think you can sit back and let the market deliver because the market is short-term,” said King, who served as chief scientific adviser to the government from 2000 through 2007.
 The Times published the stories revealing the police officer because it was in the public interest, editor James Harding said in February.
 Sands in January said it will pay its first dividend because it has enough cash to fund expansion plans.
 That’s because the new edition introduces support for the power-hungry 4G data networks known as LTE that are being rolled out in the U.
 International insurers including Axa SA (CS) , Europe ’s second- largest insurer, are among potential bidders, according to three people who declined to be identified because the process is confidential.
 ‘No Reasons’ for Optimism “I have no reasons to be optimistic because both of our leaders have drummed it into their heads that for a pardon you need a personal appeal and admission of guilt,” Schmidt said by phone.
 “Being selected by such an organization is a recognition of quality, which to a certain extent we already got, because we were selected, the contract was awarded and we initiated the contract,” Curado said.
 Defense Opportunity “There’s an opportunity in Brazil itself because it is one of the few countries actually increasing expenses in defense after 20 or 30 years of no or little investment,” Curado said.
 faces “are more difficult in part because other nations -- China, Mexico and Brazil , for example -- are getting better at making market economies grow and develop.
 “If Democrats no longer see the value in defending the First Amendment because they don’t think it’s politically expedient to do so, or because they want to protect the president, then Republicans will have to do it for them,” said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Kentucky Republican.
 “That’s why globally we’re seeing governments taking a far greater proportion of interest in the mining industry because they know that mining companies will go to where the resource is, otherwise where else do you go.
 official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks were confidential.
 “India is the BRIC market where we’re a bit less enthusiastic because we think easing will be a bit delayed.
 “Perhaps what we are seeing is a redirection of asset allocation toward Japan because a lot of fund managers are underweight, and that’s pushed up the market very quickly ahead of fundamentals.
 “The BOJ was a trigger, but the yen has been weakening because the U.
 “I’m only able to do it because I can write a check,” said Trump, the real-estate investor and reality TV star who last year said he may run for President of the U.
 Asia ’s biggest listed commodities trader by sales would pay close to 200 basis points on a one-year portion of the loan, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 South Korea ’s corporate borrowing costs declined because investors sought higher-yielding debt as the central bank held rates unchanged since June to support economic growth.
 The sales began last week and will take several months to complete, according to the person, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 People who haven’t gotten into the market might be drawn in because the economy is improving and there are some relative good values out there.
 Tempering currency expectations will aid the development of Hong Kong’s market for yuan-denominated bonds, called Dim Sum bonds, because investors will use them less as proxies to speculate on the yuan, said Benjamin Rudd, head of overseas investment at Ping An of China Asset Management Hong Kong Co.
 Fortress would buy parts of the Residential Capital unit, including some of its servicing business, as part of a ResCap bankruptcy filing in the coming weeks, said the people, who asked for anonymity because the process is private.
 ResCap needs a DIP loan as large as $2 billion because a line of credit with Citigroup is set to expire at the end of March, one person said.
 I've believed since 1997, and haven't wavered once in 15 years, that if we can find 10 or so important biomarkers for every disease, the ultimate value would be to help a physician during annual checkups, because blood is an integrator of all the biology that's happening in your body.
 “There is very little volatility because the central bank is there to support the shilling whenever demand comes in,” Fred Siwale, a dealer with CRDB Bank Plc.
 MetLife is required to get Fed approval for its capital plans because it owns a bank, while Newark, New Jersey-based Prudential isn’t subject to the same scrutiny.
 The Competition and Markets Authority, which should be operating by April 2014, is being set up because the current system is complicated and contains too much duplication, the government said.
 The pension- change plan is known as Tier VI because it creates a sixth level of benefits.
, Australia’s biggest phone company, say Optus’s service infringes their copyrights because it makes the recordings, stores them on its servers, and passes them on to customers.
 “The real dark times were darker because we were also a wind-down dealer, meaning we were going to lose our Buick and Cadillac franchises,” Hamilton said in a phone interview.
 “The price that a seller could get today may be about the same as what they might get in a few years, because the closer we get to a peak in the economic cycle, the more likely the multiple a buyer will pay is going to contract a bit.
 Swap rates are usually higher than Treasury yields in part because the floating payments are based on interest rates that contain credit risk.
 Mortgage bonds are described as negatively convex, meaning that as interest rates rise, their duration increases as well because fewer homeowners are likely to refinance.
 The recovery value may fall at the auction to 20 cents on the euro, giving protection holders an 80 percent cash payout, because more investors will want to sell their securities, according to Saul Doctor, a credit strategist at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 They are worth more because the Royals docilely remain in Kansas City, where they have no hope of retaining high-priced talent.
 The opposition is concerned Rajoelina will use a “Yes” vote to prolong his presidency, because the constitutional changes cut the minimum age of the president to 35 from 40.
 “I want to demonstrate my dislike because they will try and use this vote to manipulate the international community and public opinion,” said Solofo Ralaboarisoa, an employee of Air Madagascar, who wasn’t voting and accompanied a friend to a polling station in the capital Antananarivo.
 Health-care programs are the biggie, because they are affected by both the number of seniors and the rising cost of care.
 The OFT could also argue that it should retain its enforcement powers because they run in tandem with their regulatory oversight, like the FSA, he added.
” Northern Ireland, the West Midlands and Scotland will have the biggest declines next year will be in because a greater proportion of people there are employed by the state, JLL said.
 Chief Executive Officer Robert Henrikson said the insurer’s retreat from the long-term care market will make the company stronger because prices for the coverage were inadequate.
 That’s odd because it was on display everywhere.
 Negotiators say the United Nations-led talks are unlikely to result in broad agreement because countries remain deadlocked over issues and the U.
 “This increase in yield was very accentuated and surprising because the market was pointing at figures in the order of 4.
 While links are improving, Russia still considers NATO “unpredictable” because its policies can shift depending on the sometimes contradictory views of its 28 members, Rogozin said.
 The group will decide next year which, if any, money managers, mutual funds, hedge funds, private-equity firms, insurers and other companies deserve more monitoring because they pose a potential risk to financial stability.
 “This gala is very important for me because the society really knows how to take care of children,” said Hawkins, whose emotional struggles were chronicled in “ The Cream Will Rise ,” a 1998 documentary directed by her manager and filmmaker, Gigi Gaston.
 The total may be larger because data from the Department of Defense is subject to a 90-day delay.
 “Anything in that range is gravy, because we would have had to spend or lost so much more,” Dziczek said today in a telephone interview.
 The settlement doesn’t incorporate the investigation and cleanup of Newtown Creek because it is a Superfund site being dealt with by the federal government, Cuomo said.
 “There are expectations of reaching 800,000 units because Brazil has a strong outlook of growth in the coming years, has a domestic market with a new group of consumers and good financing,” Scarlan said.
 Bank of Guangzhou, the city’s seventh-largest lender, has allowed due diligence by potential buyers including Groupe BPCE, France’s second-largest bank by branches, and Bank of Nova Scotia , Canada’s third-largest lender, the person said, asking not to be identified because the sale process is confidential.
 A Fed sidelined by legislation may further restrict the government’s ability to counter the effects of the worst recession since the Great Depression, because lawmakers would likely oppose further fiscal stimulus.
 “He was in Montreal doing important work and he was bringing those documents with him; it was because they were important.
 and underwriters asked the Canadian government to sell more shares, said three people briefed on the discussions, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 Vick’s resurgence, after missing the 2007 and 2008 seasons because he was in federal jail on dog-fighting convictions, has led online gambling website BetUS.
 “Preparing for him, you’re not going to get any sleep at night, because what are you going to do.
 “We need to find a better way to provide access to these families who are being cut out simply because lenders are putting arbitrary overlays on top of our requirements.
 “It’s bad from the originator’s standpoint because fewer people qualify,” Murphy said in a telephone interview from his office in Charlotte.
 “It is a very tough job because by definition you are trying to stop bad things happening,” Jacqui Smith , who held the post from June 2007 to June 2009 under the Labour administration that lost office in elections this year, said in a telephone interview.
 “The real debate is that because the Fed is in the middle of doing QE2, somehow it will produce inflation.
 “India may be a bigger player in the world” because they lack metallurgical coal, Blankenship said.
 All things equal, lower interest rates increase the incentive to spend, not save, because the return to savings is so minimal.
 transit agency, increased its projected deficit in 2012-14 by $416 million because it expects lower returns on its investments.
 Students, football players and band members from both schools objected to the vuvuzelas because the blast reaches 127 decibels, compared with 100 decibels from a chainsaw, said Elliot Eaton, a senior and drum major, conductor and musical director for the Yale Precision Marching Band .
 An S&P analyst, Gabriel Petek , said in a statement that the lawsuit doesn’t affect the credit rating of the short-term notes because the rating company had already considered various scenarios that might influence cash flow, including a potential delay of the building sale.
 UPS “should be interested in TNT” because the U.
 Coercive Interrogation Kaplan ruled the government couldn’t use the evidence because it had learned the identity of Abebe from Ghailani while he was undergoing coercive interrogation by the CIA after his arrest.
 The regulator first reacted with a press release in October and now issued the prohibitions orders because it was likely that Lances Futures and the faked regulator website reemerged on a new domain, he said.
 “We were replacing the corks yesterday and I was hoping we might find ours because Madame Clicquot was selling a lot of Champagne in the Baltic at that time,” Hautekeur said in an interview today.
” The champagne was so well preserved because it lay horizontally, under pressure, at a low temperature and in the dark.
 At the good-humored tasting today, the flash bulbs popped -- the Champagne corks didn't, because a lot of the fizz has gone out of the bottles.
 After we did the official tasting, a scrum of onlookers joined in because everyone else wanted a sip.
 “It’s difficult to estimate what the two bottles will fetch at auction in Mariehamn because they are unique and it depends who is bidding,” Richard Juhlin , a Champagne expert who led the tasting, said in an interview.
 Still, banks won’t earn any money on the deal because they will have to pay for costs such as printing millions of applications and travel, they said.
 Food and Drug Agency continues to be relatively cautious and it’s becoming more difficult for companies to bring blockbuster stuff to the market because some therapeutic areas are already crowded.
 The broker benefits when price fluctuations increase because more customers use its services.
 Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey said at the hearing the relationship between free- and pay-TV is facing “growing pains” because broadcasters for the first time are seeking cash compensation for their programs.
 Passage of legislation is “an uphill battle” in part because some Republicans oppose interfering in private negotiations, he said.
 A majority of nations in the 27-country EU oppose introducing a binding leverage ratio that was adopted last week by the Group of 20 countries, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The London club is short on defenders because Brazilian center-back Alex and captain John Terry are struggling with injuries.
 The CPI is the broadest of three monthly price gauges from the Labor Department, because it includes goods and services.
” The flower shippers appealed after an April 2009 ruling by Judge Andrew Morritt in the High Court in London, who denied their request because the proposed group was too ill-defined and had too many potential conflicts.
 1 e-mail that the X-ray scanners “could be harmful to your health,” especially because pilots already receive higher doses of radiation from flying aircraft.
 “It’s fairly clear that Target’s customers are doing better than Wal-Mart’s because Wal-Mart has more of those lower- income customers,” Neil Currie , an analyst for UBS Securities LLC in Stamford, Connecticut, said before the results.
 Bernanke urging him to halt the expansion of monetary stimulus because it risks an inflation surge.
” Senator Claire McCaskill , a Missouri Democrat, said she has received the “love pats” at airports because she has an artificial knee.
 banks have passed stress tests, the banking system is well capitalized and our engagement in this is because we are good neighbors of Ireland, not because we have particular concern about any U.
 priced the Guggenheim deal yesterday, according to people familiar with the offering, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The CLO includes a $342 million piece rated AAA by Standard & Poor’s that will pay lenders 175 basis points more than Libor, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The new technology allows for more precision in the size, shape and position of the circular opening by using 3-D imaging of the eye, as well as shorter use of the ultrasound because the laser helps to break up the cataract and lens, Forchette said.
 “But it’s not correct to say there’s a huge quality gap between Hyundai’s and Kia’s cars because both carmakers now build their vehicles based on the same platforms, under the supervision of the same quality-management controlling center.
 “A friend mentioned the Soul because he liked the commercials,” Mincey said.
 “I did it because I had to build the similar system at Tower,” Agrawal testified.
 “I did it because I wanted the job.
 Russian profits may be overstated because companies have been slow to write off the value of aging machinery and factories, Kingsmill Bond , the London-based chief strategist for Troika Dialog, Russia’s oldest investment bank, wrote in a report e-mailed Nov.
 "I will sign no death sentence at all because as a social democrat, I’m against the death penalty.
 Calls and e-mails seeking comment from Talabani’s party, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , weren’t immediately returned because today is an Islamic holiday.
 Policy headwinds should relax slightly in the next half year because the government may have to consider the impact on rising inflation if liquidity flowed out of property, analysts led by Oscar Choi wrote.
 Stocks have taken longer than bonds to reflect the improving economic outlook because they trade less frequently and the market is harder to access than debt, according to Frederick Searby , head of Latin American equity strategy at Deutsche Bank AG in New York.
 Gates was interested because he felt the telecommunications industry was stuck in the Dark Ages, instead of being transformed by the PC and the Internet, Pall said.
 That’s because its overall emissions from burning fossil fuels rose by a quarter from 2006 to 2008, when data was used to calculate the current index, the analyst said.
 “We pulled $20 million back because everybody is getting in before the subsidy ends, and we couldn’t get all the bites we wanted.
 The ECB wasn’t seen buying securities from any other euro- region nations, said the people, under condition of anonymity because the trades are confidential.
 The ECB’s bond-buying program differs from so-called quantitative easing policies pursued by the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England because the central bank mops up the liquidity created by the purchases, meaning the net effect on the money supply is neutral.
 ResCap and its financial advisers are talking to buyout firms including Fortress Investment Group LLC (FIG) and Cerberus Capital Management LP about the option of selling itself through a pre-packaged Chapter 11 filing, according to people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “The bump that you see from moving to 2010 is pretty small because we were pretty close with our population estimates,” Tori Velkoff, assistant division chief in charge of estimates and projections for the U.
, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 “He learned a lot from Gerstner and will be applying some of the same techniques at CSC, because we really do need some transformation,” Irving W.
 In January 2009, the CBO would still have assigned a very low cost to such an approach for 2012, because its projections assumed a much lower jobless rate.
 The amended agreement with United “does not change the fundamentals for the company” because it only covers February and March flying, she said.
 The researchers were concerned about repeating the treatment in patients’ other eye because they feared the initial therapy may have primed their immune systems to react against a second dose.
 Staff will receive as much as 100,000 euros in cash and 100,000 euros in stock they won’t be able to sell before August, the people said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 The hacking of Andrew’s phone was particularly egregious because it affected the privacy of his clients, his lawyer Charlotte Harris said.
 The two executives met at a hotel in London’s West End in early December to iron out the basis for talks that would fuse their enterprises, according to people familiar with the matter, who declined to be identified because the talks were private.
 Glencore’s offering expedited the talks because it gave Xstrata shareholders an idea of how to value the commodities trader, a crucial step before trying to strike a non-cash transaction.
 31, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the fund is private.
 13 to respond to the lawsuit, will argue that the deal doesn’t violate the contract because it will operate its own stores inside J.
 “We are not in a desperate situation because we have plenty of liquidity and we are not in breach,” he said.
 The Institute of International Finance will hold a meeting tomorrow to go over technical matters so a debt swap can be implemented quickly if an accord between Greece and the troika is reached, said two people familiar with the matter who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 “The guidance is disappointing to investors because more than 1 billion euros of sales and about 340 million euros of EBIT were deferred from last year, which means that 2012 should have been an unusually strong year,” Maurice Rosenthal, an analyst at ING Groep NV in Brussels, said in a phone interview.
 “Romania needs to complete the current agreement because it will mean that things are going well and we no longer need a teacher, more or less demanding,” Isarescu said.
” Unsecured debt is becoming less attractive to investors because banks are having to pledge more assets as collateral for ECB loans.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 may opt to cut their stake through a block sale of TDC shares in the next couple of months, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Quinn, the spokeswoman, said yesterday there is no expectation the group will approve any additional payments because there is no proposal yet for them to consider.
” Matt Delzell, a group account director at The Marketing Arm , a Dallas-based promotional company, said it is tough for Olympic athletes to stay relevant because they are in the public spotlight once every four years.
 The money manager may wait for Facebook to have “some sort of an accident” before it buys shares because the stock will be expensive after its IPO, Haverty said in an interview on Jan.
 The European Commission, which monitors the world’s largest market, has considered Glencore and Xstrata one entity because the Swiss commodity trader owns 34 percent of the miner, suggesting regulators won’t stand in the way of the $39 billion deal, analysts at Numis Corp.
 He doesn’t expect Australia’s Foreign Investment Review Board to stand in the way because both companies operate in the country already.
 “While that may sound negative, that’s actually a positive for Canadian Pacific if you can get the right management team in there because it has the most opportunity.
 Constitution not because there is a right to gay marriage, but because it took away the equal right to the institution of marriage that gay Californians briefly held under state law before Proposition 8 was passed.
 Because of the separation of church and state, Proposition 8’s proponents couldn’t simply tell the truth: That they oppose gay marriage because it is against their faith and their customs.
 “No Regrets” “We have no regrets about pursuing this case because it was vitally important that the facts were put before a jury,” Chris Martin , the assistant director for criminal investigations for the U.
 The case centered on whether the payments should’ve been taxed because they were from an employer to an employee as part of their professional relationship or a gift from one friend to another as Mandaric and then Redknapp claimed.
 Department of Justice in regards to Yen Libor and Euroyen Tibor because it is cooperating with the probe, the Zurich-based bank said last year.
 “They’re living in a tighter and tighter confinement just because their market power is increasing.
 “Patent holders should not seek to block shipments of competing products just because they implement an industry standard -- a license on reasonable terms is always available,” Dave Heiner, who heads Microsoft’s corporate standards and antitrust groups, said in a blog posting .
 The company said the existence of a pledge to offer patent licenses on fair terms “should not preclude a patent holder from seeking preliminary injunctive relief or commencing an action in the International Trade Commission just because the patent holder has made a licensing commitment.
 Alternative Fuels The Pentagon’s petroleum costs, mainly for jet fuel and diesel products, have tracked more closely with Brent crude prices because some of the petroleum is imported at European prices, said Tim Evans , an energy analyst at Citi Futures Perspective in New York.
 (LUK) to gauge their interest, said two of the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
” A pre-packaged option may be preferable for ResCap bondholders because it gives them some say on the final solution rather than a more traditional bankruptcy where they would have less input, Lurie said.
 Treasury Department rescued the auto lender, originally known as GMAC, in 2008 because the firm was deemed crucial to the health of automakers.
 Department of Justice in regards to Yen Libor and Euroyen Tibor because it is cooperating with the probe, the Zurich-based bank said last year.
85 percent bonds due 2022 yield 300 basis points, or 3 percentage points, more than the swap rate, said the banker, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 He can’t make an issue out of the health-care crisis because Romneycare is an epithet to many in his own party.
 Tax reform is a difficult subject because he pays a 13.
 are among the lenders in the senior bank group, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 “That’s partly because the market expects an agreement with the IMF.
” Still, Madonna has never really been away, because her influence looms large over many divas who have followed, from Britney Spears to Rihanna.
 Founded in 1792, the Wilmington-based court has become a top forum for litigating business disputes because more than 60 percent of Fortune 500 companies are incorporated in the state, according to Jill Fisch , a professor of business law at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
 “Hartford needs to do something drastic because the stock is the lowest valuation relative to book value of any major insurance company,” Paulson said today at a conference call for analysts and investors held by Hartford, which is based in the Connecticut city of the same name.
 The IIF is holding the meeting to go over technical matters so that if an accord between Greece and the so-called troika, comprising the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , is reached, the debt swap could be implemented quickly, said two people familiar with the matter who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 Once-in-Lifetime “Indians living abroad feel the rupee depreciation is a temporary phenomenon because the Indian economy is far stronger than most of the global economies,” J.
7 billion on fuel to speed up through the area because no vessel has been captured while traveling at 18 knots or faster, the Colorado-based non-profit group said in a report today.
 The Institute of International Finance is holding the meeting to go over technical matters so that if an accord between Greece and the troika is reached, the debt swap could be implemented quickly, said two people familiar with the matter who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 Revenue from Windows software, which runs most of the world’s personal computers, has missed analysts’ estimates in four of the past five quarters, in part because some consumers are defecting from laptops with Windows to tablets like Apple Inc.
 “It will also be a safe investment because European nations remain rich.
 “Refiners along the coast will have to spend more because Brent is higher today.
 Apple is in talks with the building’s owner to use three floors as an outlet, said a person with knowledge of the matter, asking not to be named because the discussions are confidential.
 ‘Trend-Setter’ “They open stores in landmarks because they want to improve their visibility and access for customers,” Arahuetes said.
 The office has to give permission for the renovation because the construction is a historic building in the downtown area, said Maria Antonia Landero, a spokeswoman for the office.
 are arranging the loan, which will be marketed to other banks in general syndication, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 (DRB) agreed last month to buy 43 percent of the Malaysian company, the person said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 “ Volkswagen (VOW3) is expanding because they have yet to have a big presence in Southeast Asia ,” Ahmad Maghfur Usman, an analyst at OSK Holdings Bhd.
 For the frontier markets, greater weight was given to the macroeconomic forecast data from the IMF because such data are more reliable than survey or other data in those countries.
 Poland (POGDYOY) , the only European Union nation to avoid a recession in 2009, is less vulnerable to bond market swings because pension funds are required to invest at least 95 percent of their assets locally.
8 billion from about $11 billion in part because the expedited schedule increased costs at an adjacent mass- transit hub and the memorial.
 is advising on the potential divestiture of some or all of that business, which is part of the Hamilton Sundstrand unit, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 “It gets harder and harder because we have done quite a lot over the last three years, there’s no low-hanging fruit anymore,” the CFO said.
 That relationship is strained, too, not least because Shiite Iran is backing the Syrian regime.
 That’s because like many Americans, Kovari also owns mortgage bonds through her retirement savings, which could lose value if the U.
 Moreover, any benefit could be short-lived, because a government intervention is likely to spook investors, make mortgages even harder to come by and drive up the cost of future borrowing, DeMarco said.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 and HSBC Holdings Plc committed $50 million each to the facility, said the person, who declined to be identified because the details are private.
 4 vote to support an Arab League call for Assad to hand power to a deputy within two months, according to UN diplomats who took part in council negotiations and who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment publicly.
 The fee increase may cause distortions in the industry because state-run banks account for about 30 percent of total deposits, Apisak said today.
 The investment allowed Stone Milliner Asset Management AG founders Jens-Peter Stein and Kornelius Klobucar to start trading last month with more than $1 billion, said the people, who asked not to be named because the firms are private.
 “The whole rationale of why emerging markets were exciting was because the potential of growth was much bigger.
 “Hartford needs to do something drastic because the stock is the lowest valuation relative to book value of any major insurance company,” Paulson said today at a conference call for analysts and investors held by Hartford.
 Since the 2007 arrival of the iPhone at AT&T, Sprint has been losing contract customers, who are lucrative because they spend more each month than so-called prepaid users.
 A cutoff of phosphates imports will shut down a key source of revenue for the regime because Syria relies on European customers for 40 percent of its phosphates sales, the official said.
” Administration Support The Obama administration said in a statement it “strongly” supports the plan because it would help root out waste.
 The Supreme Court ruled in 1998 that the federal line-item veto violated the Constitution because it would let the president amend laws without congressional approval.
 The bill would require lawmakers to “think twice” about adding provisions to spending bills, Ryan said, because they may end up having to publicly defend the provisions if the president seeks to cancel them.
 equities than bonds because companies are benefiting from the weak dollar and have surplus cash to invest for growth.
 “There’s nothing going on in Canada like what happened in the United States because the banks own the mortgages, we put them on our own balance sheet,” Clark said.
 “The gap between valuations and buyers is decreasing, and that’s basically because buyers are increasing their valuations,” Ozay said at a conference on acquisition finance in Istanbul yesterday.
 “It was more dynamic -- but maybe that’s because my husband was explaining it to me.
 “This is probably one of the most hopeful things I’ve seen regarding Alzheimer’s disease in a long time, because none of the medicines seem to do much.
 That’s because the lien can wipe out a mortgage of greater value.
 A certain portion of lien sales get voided after an auction because the taxes were improperly assessed, Reid said.
 Shipping lines are less able to pare capacity on Asia- Europe routes because vessels are generally too big to be used elsewhere, said NH Investment’s Jee.
 securities with our overseas cash because we want to maximize the safety and liquidity of our investments,” said Al Wasilewski, a spokesman for New Brunswick , New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson.
 (BAC) , quit electricity trading in Japan in January 2009, less than two years after entering because it failed to meet targets.
2 billion, said people with knowledge of the probe who declined to be identified because the investigation is ongoing.
 “However, we think the RBI will pause, because the other options are not viable.
” While retailers are starting to understand the potential of security cameras as intelligence-gathering tools, it will take time for the technology to become widespread because loss- prevention managers rather than marketing types still have authority over the cameras, Shipp, a former Apple Inc.
 or Morgan Stanley to lead the offering, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 No Agreement A House-passed measure that would extend the payroll tax cut for one-year languished in the Senate yesterday because Reid and the Republican leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, couldn’t agree on how to bring the bill to the floor.
” Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the top Republican on the Finance Committee, said scrapping the millionaire surtax isn’t a significant concession from Democrats because the Senate would never approve such a measure.
 Rather than seeing artists as an endangered species, however, marketing guru Seth Godin says, “They’re the only people who are going to make money 10 years from now, because the way you make money is from your ideas.
 Those cost a lot, says Godin, “but the only reason people pay is because his free ideas are everywhere.
 “The Tea Party -- or the Communist Party -- is a political meme that doesn’t care if it destroys the country, because its only job is to reproduce.
 McMaster, a veteran of the war in Iraq , put it, PowerPoint is “dangerous because it can create the illusion of understanding and the illusion of control.
 Cohen, who was the governor’s secretary, is one potential foreclosure monitor, according to the person, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are secret.
 Selection of the monitor is a key issue for the regulators because success of the agreement will largely depend on his or her work, one of the people said.
 “Religion and politics shouldn’t mix because politics could tarnish religion,” said 24-year-old Rania Abdel Wahed.
 A formal engagement with Blackstone, White & Case LLP and Allen & Overy LLP may be completed as early as this week, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “Most banks, insurance companies and hedge funds will behave in a sensible way because if private-sector involvement is not successful, their other assets will be at risk,” Manos said.
 “The next thing we may hear from the company is a profit warning next year because the earnings guidance is too high.
 “I’m confident this step will boost the stock because we went through this already in 1999.
 The banks need saving not because they bought toxic assets such as subprime mortgages or the government debts of Greece , Ireland, Italy , Portugal or Spain , and not because they are too large, overrated or under-regulated.
 “When they began to talk about eight years or longer, we said that, within reason, the longer the deal the better for CBS, because the value is only going to increase in future years.
 Historic Concept The phrases “protocol” and “legal instrument” were accepted by the EU because those concepts were the basis of negotiating the 1997 Kyoto Protocol .
 That’s a legally binding addition to the existing climate treaty that is now viewed as outdated by many industrialized nations because it only orders cuts from them, and not from fast-expanding economies such as China and India.
 ‘Election Abuse’ There may be greater fraud in the presidential elections because there will be fewer players involved and therefore less monitoring, according to Golos, a vote-monitoring group.
 “I don’t think there should be too much nervousness about the appointment because the monetary policy of the bank will be more or less similar.
 ``Demand will obviously be less now than it was back in February because financial services does make up a big part of our marketplace in New York.
 “He has not executed but, to my mind, that’s because he had too much on his plate.
 “There needs to be a strategy adjustment” at Acciona, because the government may alter regulations again, said Nuria Alvarez, an analyst at Renta 4 brokerage in Madrid.
 The EU has declined to label Hezbollah a terrorist group, which would block its fundraising and other activities in Europe, because some Europeans governments see it as a legitimate political organization and a powerful influence in Lebanon.
 “It’s still time to be very cautious with commodities stocks, because those are the companies that have the strongest links with what happens in the global market, where things are still very uncertain,” Fernando Goes , an analyst at Sao Paulo- based brokerage Clear Corretora, said in a phone interview.
 “Companies are growing because what they have been doing for years is now enabling continents around the world to become as efficient as Europe has been,” he said.
 What transgressions banks admit to matters, because many of the civil lawsuits currently wending their way through the courts concern the second kind of manipulation -- that is, the systematic and persistent understatement of Libor.
 The researchers said this was because many demands of sustainability have not taken hold in the region or spurred companies to translate pressures related to sustainability into profitable initiatives.
 “They need those rains because they have nothing else to support the crop,” Louise Gartner , the owner of Spectrum Commodities in Beavercreek, Ohio, said by telephone.
” Mariano said she had to cut the interview short because Christie was calling her.
 that Pakistan’s elected leaders and security services publicly oppose the strikes because they are politically unpopular, while supporting their use against anti-government militants such as Tehrik-i-Taliban, the Pakistani branch of the Taliban.
 to find bids for Short Hills, New Jersey-based Bollinger, said the people, who asked to not be named because the process is private.
 Higher credit ratings help cut borrowing costs because investors view the risk as lower.
 Luxury denim is even more profitable because consumers will pay premiums for certain brand names, Driscoll said in a phone interview.
 14 partly because women of all generations and lifestyles are demanding casual clothes that are more chic.
 Turk says including denim in her collection is a no-brainer because shoppers easily relate to the fabric.
 It’s not a big leap for people, because they have been wearing it since they were kids.
 No Reasonable Fear Robert Loeb, the lawyer representing the government, argued today that the plaintiffs in the case lack the legal standing to challenge the law, because they have no reasonable fear it will be applied to them.
 “Gay-friendly places, because they are gay-friendly, are open to smart people who might be gay or straight,” Florida said in an interview.
 The three AAA rated euro-area states last week called for regulators across the EU to gain so-called bail-in powers as soon as 2015, rather than in 2018 as currently proposed, said the officials, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The lawsuit is unlikely to change the relationship because a 2006 law intended to open the field to new entrants has instead insulated the top three.
, which rose more than 70-fold in the ’90s, were excluded from the leaders gauge because their shares no longer trade.
 The French company won’t have time to bid for them if sales processes start too early this year because Vinci will be dealing with the purchase of ANA, he said.
 The regime may prefer to make nuclear weapons out of highly-enriched uranium because its production is easier to hide and requires smaller amounts of fissile material than a plutonium bomb, he said.
 “We are looking forward to doing well in our first ever final because I believe in my players and I have seen so much commitment from them,” Burkina Faso coach Paul Put said on the tournament’s website.
 The company wants the five-year loan to replace part of an 8 billion-euro credit line due August 2014, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “Go-shops are very infrequently successful because other private equity firms are reluctant to compete against each other,” he said.
 Appropriations Language He said the service decided it can ignore language, first placed in appropriations law in 1981, requiring it to deliver mail six days a week, because it receives its money from Congress differently than other U.
 won’t be hurt by the change because they mostly ship packages, said Gil Luria , an analyst at Wedbush Securities Inc.
 Congress has limited leverage against Donahoe’s move because the Postal Service largely funds itself, Norman Ornstein , resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a policy research organization in Washington, said in an interview.
 Dell said the deal was too risky, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private.
 The talks collapsed and a lawsuit at a London arbitration court is now pending because Suzuki wants VW to return the shares it bought.
 Recruiting a new generation of Hispanic Republican leaders, Ayres said in an interview, is “absolutely critical, because being able to demonstrate that the Republican Party is a vehicle for Hispanic political success sends a powerful signal that we want you as part of our coalition.
” “We had no choice but to take this action because the most worrying aspect of non-compliance with the licensing agreement is that we have no way of assuring that the planes are safe to fly,” Five Forty Aviation Chief Executive Officer Don Smith said in the statement.
 The high euro won’t be an issue “so much for Greece because most of our exports are within the euro zone,” Stournaras said.
 “The exchange rate needs to be right, because if it gets out of hand it has an impact on inflation,” Gondwe said.
 “The hotspots for Alstom are in Asia and Latin America because these countries are growing at high speed,” he said.
 31, benefits from a weaker Japanese currency because it exported about 80 percent of the cars it made in the country last year.
 He will likely pitch a new proposal during an unofficial dinner preceding the ECB’s Governing Council meeting tomorrow, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 ExxonMobil, based in Irving, Texas, has argued in court that it isn’t liable for damage because it added MTBE to gasoline to comply with federal regulations that pre-empt state law.
 RFG Program ExxonMobil said in court that the state was aware of MTBE’s risks when it opted into the RFG program in 1991 because there had been studies of the additive for several years.
 They profit when prices fluctuate because more traders use the products they trade.
 “The reason Michael O’Leary approached us is because they saw how successfully we turned around British Airways,” Flybe CEO Jim French said on a separate call, referring to the 2006 acquisition of the BA Connect business, a deal that turned his carrier into the largest in Europe in the regional sector.
 ‘Raw Form’ David Tesher , head of one of S&P’s CDO groups, had told colleagues in March that the firm should expect a rush in business partly because some investors might have already signed up for the deals, according to the complaint.
 Even if the CDOs never were sold, he said, banks were better off creating them rather than holding the underlying securities in “raw form” because write-downs would be smaller.
 Here again there are two basic types of strikes: those against people on the government’s “kill list,” and so-called signature strikes, which target unknown individuals because ground intelligence or aerial surveillance shows they are aiding an imminent terrorist threat.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Details of neglect previously published included patients being forced to drink from flower vases because they were denied water and crying out for pain relief.
 The Greek consul’s residence in Holland Park will be sold along with real estate in cities including Brussels and Belgrade, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan is private.
 “Nokia must not fail in China because it would place their entire worldwide recovery effort at risk.
 Geithner, 51, will write about his decision-making role at the Treasury the last four years and as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 2003 to 2009, said the person, who asked not to be identified because Geithner has yet to meet with publishers.
 “The reality is this will be a straight bloodbath because the U.
 because Malone has very deep pockets,” said Alex DeGroote , an analyst at Panmure Gordon in London .
 Foolproof Software Levandowski, who helped design the self-driving car, says Google’s biggest challenge is ensuring reliability of the software that makes the car drive, because a failure would mean nothing is controlling the vehicle.
 exchange operator and Securities and Exchange Commission officials are examining Nasdaq Stock Market’s technology controls in discussions spurred by the botched initial public offering, according to a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 And because Aqua households are close to work and school, they produce just 2.
 The numbers from a year ago aren’t strictly comparable because a new company was formed after the sale of the exchange owner to a group of banks and pension funds last year.
 “We bought a bank in Mexico, we bought cheaply because it was in distress,” Gulliver, 53, told the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 That’s because investors with losing positions could subtract their paper losses from their other income, Shapiro said.
 The benchmark is sometimes referred to by investors as the Fear Index because it surges during periods of economic uncertainty, such as when Standard & Poor’s cut the U.
 That’s especially true because the proposal would apply only prospectively to investments made starting in 2014.
 “Nevada seems to pop up quite a bit, especially because housing prices are very attractive and inventory bountiful,” Ridge said.
 “We are a little more immune - not resistant - because we are selling necessities,” said Roni Soffer in an interview at Bloomberg’s Tel Aviv office.
 Google would own less than 10 percent of the company, giving Vevo a valuation of at least $500 million, said the people, who asked for anonymity because negotiations are still early and an agreement may not be reached.
 ’s Merrill Lynch unit won dismissal of a lawsuit by Woori Bank over losses on $143 million of collateralized debt obligations because the South Korean company filed too late.
 “But voters are angry about the failure to improve basic services and they are going to hold Congress responsible because they have been in power for almost 10 years,” he said.
 , said the person, who asked not to be identified because the bids are private.
 The lawsuit is unlikely to change the relationship because a 2006 law intended to open the field to new entrants has instead insulated the top three.
, a New York-based firm that uses quantitative models to grade securities, hasn’t applied for the NRSRO designation, which would allow investors to buy securities rated by the company to meet regulatory requirements, because its costs would increase by 40 percent to hire compliance staff, James Gellert, chief executive officer, said in a Jan.
 “It shouldn’t impact greatly on the company in the long run because Soho changed strategy last year from property sales to rentals.
 Senior executives at JPMorgan bore a heavier share of bonus cuts in the investment bank to insulate junior and mid-level staff from harsher reductions, said one of the people, who requested anonymity because pay discussions are private.
 The lead trader responsible was nicknamed the London Whale because his positions were so large.
” One of the sticking points for Carney was the eight-year term, which he felt was inconvenient because he wanted to return to Canada in time for his oldest daughter, who is 12, to begin university, two people said.
 “There’s a lot of angst out there now because emerging markets have been underperforming developed markets so far this year,” Geoffrey Dennis , global emerging-markets strategist at Citigroup Inc.
 Elan has an advantage over other potential acquirers because it has tax losses that it can use to offset profits, and also benefits from low Irish corporate taxes, Elan executives said.
 “Hotel investment in Jerusalem has lagged behind the growth in tourism locally and globally, largely because the impact of the Second Intifada,” says Bermeister, who was a founding investor in Skype Inc.
5 billion and expects to finish at $5 billion, below its original $6 billion target, said the person, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 In the financial crisis banks took on risks because they got money from central banks, which is the “moral hazard” problem, De Grauwe, a professor at the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium, told the German newspaper in an interview.
 I thought that, instead of giving them a $200 bonus, we could actually give them a refrigerator worth $400 because we could buy the appliance at cost.
 And, because manufacturing capacity for the new bottles was limited, keeping the 8-ouncers meant that we could accelerate, by at least a year, the debut of the 12-ouncers.
 He likes to shop there because the stores are clean and the food is laid out well, he said.
 “We said that because a slowdown in Europe and the slowdown in the U.
 This amount is needed to reach a core tier 1 capital level of 9 percent based on a European Banking Authority test, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are continuing.
 “The customer has a car that is 100 percent unique because it reflects his choices.
 “I’m not worried because we have quality, exclusivity, a strong brand and innovative technology,” Chairman Montezemolo said in an interview last month.
 The FDIC’s deposit-insurance funds come from its member banks, but because the agency can tap a U.
 A large chunk of its most recently reported profit actually turns out to be due to the decline in the market value of its debt, precisely because investors realize it is in so much trouble.
 City governments rely on land sales for much of their revenue because they have few sources of income such as property taxes.
” ‘Avalanche of Demolitions’ “Forced evictions are one of the biggest sources of public unrest and public dissatisfaction with the government because they are unstoppable,” said Phelim Kine, a senior Asia researcher with New York-based Human Rights Watch.
 “I’m for quotas to get things started because it kicks people in the ass to move it along,” said Eloy-Jacquillat, who is French and a former human resource executive for ING Groep NV (INGA) in Amsterdam and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 King fought demands from the government to provide liquidity support in 2008 when credit markets froze because he did not want to reward banks for their reckless behavior, former Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling said in his memoir, “Back from the Brink,” published last month.
 and the United Steelworkers union because their collective bargaining agreement says the company can look for blood alcohol content in symptomless employees during their probationary period.
 “Still, it’s impossible to ignore the tight range we’ve settled in, and that’s because political uncertainty is immediately ahead, and growth is still fragile.
 Russian Helicopters , which also entered the competition, was eliminated early in part because it failed to submit a required integrity report.
 Senator Dianne Feinstein , joined by John McCain and Carl Levin , asked Sony Pictures to consider “correcting” the suggestion torture helped the CIA find bin Laden because it was inaccurate.
 Rate Outlook Bank of Governor Mark Carney reiterated to lawmakers this week in Ottawa that an increase in the benchmark interest rate , which has been 1 percent since 2010 to spur growth, is less urgent because inflation has been slower than forecast and will stay below the 2 percent target rate through mid-2014.
” A United Nations meeting on climate change in Warsaw at the end of this year is important because it will lay the basis for future negotiations, Xie said.
 Low-Key Visit The Malaysian government has “miscalculated because this was going to be a low-key visit,” said Xenophon, who added he has a defamation suit pending against government-backed media in the nation.
 (MMB) “Our customers show understanding, but they are very disappointed, because local alcohol is the favorite souvenir people like to bring back from the Czech Republic,” Volickova said in an e-mailed message.
 The ban was issued primarily because the use by companies of plastic containing the chemical had already been abandoned.
 Intuit must rely on its own initiatives to boost sales growth because it is assuming no improvement in the economy for consumers and small businesses during fiscal 2013, Smith said.
 “I do support the easing of sanctions because I think that our people must start taking responsibility for their own destiny,” Suu Kyi said at an event at the U.
 Avoiding ‘Backsliding’ There is a need to “guard against backsliding, because there are forces that would take the country in the wrong direction if given the chance,” Clinton said as she introduced Suu Kyi to the crowd at the U.
 On the deficit and tax collection: “Regarding the fiscal deficit, yes, you know, it’s high not only because expenditures are high but also because revenues are low.
 “We’re angry because the Japanese did not learn their lessons from World War II like Germany .
 The prosecutor’s office yesterday instructed Russian Internet providers to block the distribution of the film “Innocence of the Muslims,” and said it would seek a court order banning the video as extremist because it offends religious feelings and provokes inter-ethnic conflict.
 Bank of America ultimately got $421 million in the 2011 deal because some of the loans were paid off or refinanced by the time it was completed.
 The audit found Fannie Mae paid lenders more than required in most transactions because it wanted to negotiate a smooth transfer.
 That’s because it owns a big operation in a mining-friendly region with construction nearing completion, CEO Gerald Panneton said in a Sept.
 “I think that we´ll begin a new restructuring because we keep losing money,” Daniel Garrido, a factory trade union delegate, said in e-mailed responses to questions.
 The agency first warned in May 2011 against feeding SimplyThick to premature babies because it may cause a tissue inflammation known as necrotizing enterocolitis.
 “You shouldn’t plan any medium-term measures on the Swiss franc because it will come back to parity,” he said.
 Flatley, 59, who called the $51-a-share offer “woefully inadequate,” said yesterday that the directors didn’t want to openly talk about a sale amount after Roche’s hostile bid was made public in January because they would have needed to disclose those discussions.
 “Because the offer became public, we were very limited what we could discuss internally, because we had to disclose almost everything that we talked about.
html Stephen Byrne has left Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) as a managing director in the distressed debt trading team, said two people with knowledge of the departure, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Evans said that the central bank’s policy has been unable to have its full effect on the economy because not all mortgage holders have been able to refinance.
 That’s because the poorer you are, the more personal responsibility you have to take.
 “People are looking around and saying maybe we should stick a bit to our safe-haven positions because the euro crisis is obviously not being solved,” Rasmussen said.
 “Despite the challenges during the global economic developments and the tough times, we’ve seen many countries in the Muslim world doing well because their economies are commodity-based and they have been gaining fortunes.
 Risk Leeway The potential market is worth chasing because the average American woman is a size 14, and plus-sizes, often classified as 14 to 34, account for 67 percent of the population, according to Houston-based Plunkett Research Ltd.
 “No matter where you go around the world, people talk about the Singapore night race because they get so many people who may not go to an F1 event,” Baird, 42, said in a phone interview.
 Failure to win backing from any one government would derail the merger, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Still, rising bond yields may force the prime minister’s hand because investors would prefer Spain to seek a rescue, European Central Bank Governing Council member Luc Coene said in London yesterday.
 The private equity firm briefed investors on the move at its annual meeting in London last week, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The state’s transportation department has made the ID qualification process more rigorous because so-called secure ID can also be used to board commercial aircraft, the court said.
 (2267) ’s Yakult and Danone (BN) ’s Activia, which the companies say build immunity or improve digestion because they contain probiotics -- bacteria that encourage helpful microbes to flourish in the bowel.
 It is popular because it costs less than sugar, partly because government policies boost corn supplies and restrict sugar.
 The Falcons’ Michael Turner was thought to have scored only to have the play overturned because he landed short of the goal line.
 Bush Tax Cut In 2001, Bush promoted his tax cut to the public in part because it would prevent some people from paying taxes.
 “I know that the vast majority of those who rely on government are not in that situation because they want to be.
 People today are struggling because the government has failed to keep America competitive, failed to support job creators, and failed to get our economy back on track.
 Some of the decline in deposits is because German and French banks are reducing their exposure.
 Still, the purchases won’t bring down borrowing costs for companies and consumers in those countries because banks will continue to pay higher rates for their funding, according to RBS’s Gallo.
 That may offer further profit because Turkish dramas are often sold across the Middle East .
 Europe’s biggest media and telecommunications group is preparing a list of interested parties that will have access to GVT’s financial data, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The permit is illegal because it violates Romanian and European legislation since one of the neighboring countries, namely Hungary , sent us negative feedback.
5 million pounds mainly because the team failed to make the knockout stages of the Champions League .
 The gap, the broadest measure of international trade because it includes income payments and government transfers, shrank 12 percent to $117.
 The cutbacks, which are likely to take place before year- end, would amount to about 17 percent of staff within the region’s investment-banking division and include junior and senior bankers, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
) An additional 10 percent of households pay no federal income tax because they are receiving nontaxable retirement benefits -- the benefits both presidential candidates have promised to protect.
 Roughly 7 percent pay no federal income tax or payroll taxes because society has collectively determined that they should hold onto every cent they can.
 A rebound for stocks isn’t sustainable because the fundamentals of cyclical industries may not improve until the first half of next year, Cheng Dinghua, an analyst at Essence Securities, said in a report dated yesterday.
 Bellwether Stock The company, an economic bellwether because it ships goods from financial documents to electronics, pared its forecast for U.
 The western states have seen a rapid drop in shadow inventory because distressed sales make up about 40 percent of transactions in a given month after peaking at 72 percent in January 2009, according to Morgan Stanley.
 “It’s not as big and scary as you think because time will take care of it,” he said in an interview.
 EU representatives on yesterday’s call outlined steps the 27-nation bloc is taking in the wake of the Libor scandal, including a bolstering of market-abuse sanctions and a consultation on overhauling governance of how market benchmarks are set, said the official, who wouldn’t be cited by name because the talks are private.
4 billion) of notes of as long as 40 years in maturity into the bank, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 “ Home prices are losing steam after a couple of months of rallying and the market is stabilizing because there is no more upcoming monetary easing and the curbs still remain in place,” Yao Wei, a Hong Kong-based economist at Societe Generale SA, said in a telephone interview today.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Bould is in charge for Arsenal’s Champions League game at Montpellier today because Wenger is suspended, the Mirror said.
’s second-most expensive borough as well as office buildings in Brussels and Belgrade, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Earlier this year, S&P said Christie’s budget for the fiscal year that began July 1 was structurally unbalanced because it was built on optimistic economic-growth projections.
 (FDX) dropped the most in three months after cutting its annual profit outlook because a weakening economy has prompted shippers in the U.
 FedEx, an economic bellwether because it ships goods from financial documents to electronics, pared its forecast for 2012 U.
 Berry may seek a market value of about $2 billion in the sale, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 “And we need to have more makers and less takers in America because if we have more takers, then we’re denying people their ability to make the most of their lives.
 “I know that the vast majority of those who rely on government are not in that situation because they want to be.
25 percentage points above the benchmark London interbank offered rate, the bankers said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 The lender plans to focus on marketing the five-year secured debt to asset managers rather than other banks, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 But because Russian leaders were able to divide the Europeans by offering special deals to larger buyers such as Germany , little was done.
 The London-based group started Arctix Sustainable Solutions because companies including Microsoft Corp.
 “There will be an element of price competitiveness” because some buyers may be paying too much, Troye said yesterday by phone.
 Las Vegas’s dry climate and altitude -- the city is roughly 2,000 feet above sea level - - also creates an environment in which statistics are harder to evaluate because baseballs typically get hit farther.
 Chin in May rejected Google’s argument that lawsuits by the Authors Guild and the American Society of Media Photographers should be dismissed because the groups lacked standing to sue for copyright infringement.
 ‘Algorithm Trade’ “The market is falling because people are coming to the realization that QE3 may not be that effective,” said Tom Pawlicki, director of market research at Chicago-based EOXLive and previously an analyst at MF Global.
 “An algorithm type of trade may have been initiated yesterday because most commodities were down across the board.
 Earlier in August, the airline confirmed some flights took off heavier than pilots were told because incorrect passenger counts were transmitted.
 Companies named in the complaint objected, saying any import ban would harm public health because the magnets are used in robotic surgical systems, radiation equipment, surgical microscopes and insulin pumps.
 (ADS) Molycorp is working to reopen a rare-earth mine in Mountain Pass, California, that closed in 2002 because Chinese exports caused global prices to plunge, according to Hitachi Metals.
 That reason “no longer exists” because the jury concluded the Tab 10.
 That’s all right, because they needed to.
 Doctors see Medicare patients, despite the relatively low payments they receive for doing so, partly because Medicare represents such a large share of the health-care market.
 The savings that private plans could achieve because beneficiaries would share more of the costs, and therefore economize more, would be more than offset by that loss of leverage -- and by the private plans’ higher overhead and need to turn a profit.
 First, it would undercut Medicare’s ability to help move the payment system away from fee-for- service reimbursement and toward payments based on value, because no private plan is large enough to accomplish that shift by itself.
 Doctors provide this access even though they are reimbursed by Medicare at rates that are only about 80 percent of commercial rates -- partly because Medicare is such a large share of the market.
 Unfortunately, we don’t know how bad the service is, because the Postal Service collects data on its own service quality, but it refuses to make the data public.
 Here is an example of how bad it has become: last week the American Postal Workers Union had to postpone their national election of officers because so many of the ballots were lost in the mail.
 The Postal Service is able to survive because U.
 Legal Cover This organization has withstood political pressure for some time, in part because Postal Service advocates have argued that the monopoly is necessary because of the national objective of providing universal service .
 economy “may be one of the better scenarios” for emerging-market equities because it will ensure interest rates stay low without sparking another crisis, according to Goldman Sachs strategists including Kamakshya Trivedi in London.
 ‘Silly Valuations’ Developing-nation stocks may continue to climb because some of the biggest industries were left behind in the rally, said Plamen Monovski , the London-based chief investment officer at Renaissance Asset Managers.
” A La Carte Pricing The public, high-profile disputes don’t serve the industry well because they can backfire and prompt discussions in Washington about potential a la carte pricing, according to David Joyce , an analyst at Miller Tabak & Co.
” Less popular channels are often carried by a distributor because they have been tied-in as part of deal with a more popular network.
 “That would be good for developers because policies are nothing to worry about.
 and Credit Suisse Group AG will manage the sale, according to a person familiar with the transaction, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 “Right now we are concentrating only on Vankor because there is a proposal on Vankor in particular to extend breaks for a little bit longer,” Kudrin told reporters this weekend in Washington, where he took part in the International Monetary Fund’s annual meeting.
 economy needs faster-acting stimulus in the form of increased government spending or tax cuts because the impact of monetary policy takes hold in the longer term, MSI Global Inc.
 The government should increase spending on infrastructure to boost economic growth, because such projects are easier to gain support for, Ivanovitch said.
 The Seneca Nation American Indian tribe, which operates three casinos in western New York through Seneca Gaming, is withholding payments because it says the state violated an exclusivity agreement by introducing slot machines at racetracks and allowing gaming at private businesses.
 Regarding China, Carstens said global economic leaders are “being more outspoken” about the country’s currency policy because the effects of those decisions are felt more acutely than before the financial crisis.
 Barclays Plc is managing the sale, which will be used to fund a senior loan to Yasar from Barclays Bank Plc, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Keir Gilchrist, best known as the gay son in TV’s “ United States of Tara ,” plays the troubled 16-year-old who ends up in the adult ward because the youth facility is temporarily closed.
 Operating costs climbed 38 percent, in part because the New York-based firm set aside more money for year-end bonuses.
 A rapid rise in the value of the currency, he said, was unacceptable because it could lead to massive unemployment and social instability.
 Higher Chinese interest rates won’t be a deterrent because consumption growth is based more on higher incomes than on credit, he said in e-mailed comments.
 Bookmakers benefit from draws because few bettors wager on ties.
 have both made claims about their new models’ fuel economy and driving range that not all consumers may attain because electric performance varies greatly by driving habits.
 With hybrids and electric cars, they can drive farther in stop-and-go city driving than on the highway because braking recharges the battery.
 “The government deplores the blockade because the reform is important to modernize the ports,” Chatel said, referring to the 2008 law aimed at moving port workers to the private sector and raising productivity at French harbors.
 The more eagerly job seekers look for work, the more jobs companies are likely to offer because it will be easier to fill them, according to Pissarides.
 Sudan will seek investors from the Persian Gulf region for its $300 million of Islamic bonds because U.
 “I don’t expect prices for the rest of the year to ease significantly because you will see rents rising towards the end of the year.
 Although the district court in Texas upheld dismissal, the Court of Appeals in New Orleans ruled there was no federal jurisdiction because the company lacked standing.
 EDF, which rejected inquiries about a sale in the past few months, has reversed its thinking amid a dispute over its joint venture with the Baltimore-based company, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
5 billion loan guarantee for their joint venture’s Maryland reactor because it creates too much risk.
 “The market will welcome this platform, however, because the other platform is pretty strong in the market I think it will take some time to gain market share.
 “Part of this conversation will be how much will the ratepayers of Auckland be willing to pay because not all of the responsibility can fall back on central government,” Key told Television New Zealand .
 Tin was the least likely because it has the smallest stockpiles.
 Reliance Communications , based in Mumbai, approached banks seeking dollar-denominated funding that it calculates would be as much as 4 percentage points cheaper than similar financing in rupees, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Everyone else would feel wealthier because their houses were worth much more and would promptly buy a new car or book a winter holiday to celebrate.
 Russia’s 2010 borrowing program was scaled down because the government will guarantee less lending than anticipated, Pankin said.
 “August was a down month but people are coming in because the fear is disappearing,” Sol Waksman , president of Fairfield, Iowa-based BarclayHedge, said in a telephone interview.
 “We should think more about helping Myanmar people, capacity building, because in the end any democracy needs that to have strong foundations.
 The group that runs Farrell’s college program in Dublin’s Botanic Gardens turned away 250 students seeking places in its agriculture- related courses last month because they were full.
 “They’d be out with their own tractor or dump trailer working on a site instead of doing farm work, now those guys are going to scale up their farming because the building job is gone.
 The person declined to be identified because the talks are private.
25 billion pounds from loans and 500 million pounds from bonds, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Political leaders in the region have few incentives to curb spending because upcoming elections in several countries and inflows of cheap cash make it more attractive to increase borrowing, de la Torre said.
 Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP IM): Credit Agricole SA’s purchase of 172 bank branches from Italy’s second-biggest bank should be reviewed locally, rather than by the European Commission, because it will only affect the local market, Italy’s antitrust regulator said.
 The bank offered a higher interest rate because currently smaller private companies and banks rarely sell securities with a three-year maturity and no put option, he said.
 as its top picks for coal stocks because they are cheaper than rivals, analysts led by Zhan Lingyan wrote in a report today.
html Credit Agricole SA ’s purchase of 172 bank branches from Intesa Sanpaolo SpA should be reviewed locally, rather than by the European Commission , because it will only affect the local market, Italy’s antitrust regulator said.
 The Italian regulator maintains it is in the best position to evaluate the deal because it recently had experience with similar transactions, an antitrust official, who declined to be identified citing agency policy, said by phone.
 ‘Must Hold On’ “The government must hold on, because we need this reform to save our system,” Luc Chatel , the government spokesman said today on France 2 television.
 “A third of these homes that are in foreclosure are completely empty, so people have already left or they never actually owned them because they were investors.
 Rising Chinese interest rates won’t be a deterrent because consumption growth is based more on higher incomes than on credit, Bruno del Ama, chief executive officer of Global X, said in e-mailed comments yesterday.
 Confidence in the legality of repossessions will cut foreclosure sales more than a reduction of available properties because the market already is flooded with repossessed homes, he said.
 “Some people are breathing a short-term sigh of relief because the likelihood of distressed sales putting downward pressure on home prices has been put off,” Lawler said.
 “But no one is breathing a long-term sigh of relief because when these properties eventually come on the market, we’ll have both the confidence problem and the price problem.
 Most of the homes affected by the foreclosure freeze will eventually come on to the market because the dispute is about court documents, not about whether borrowers defaulted, said Lawler, the housing economist.
 “You still want to hold some dollar shorts because the fundamentals are clearly negative,” Rennie said.
 That’s because benefits of Basel compromises may be offset if national policy makers enact additional measures and international regulators impose surcharges for the largest banks, the IIF said.
 Long Time Frame “We gave the long time frame not because banks advocated it, but because we realize the fragility of the economy,” said Swiss National Bank’s Hildebrand, 47.
 Banks in emerging markets are better capitalized than their counterparts in the developed world because emerging economies have better growth potential, said Bank of America Corp.
 Bancorp because the jury found the infringement to be intentional.
 Unilever Ordered to Stop Selling Andrelon Champagne Shampoo Unilever , the world’s second-biggest maker of food and detergent, has to stop selling and recall its Andrelon Champagne shampoo because the Champagne label is protected under European Union rules, The Hague district court ruled Oct.
html The European Central Bank can afford to keep interest rates at a record low because economic growth in the 16-nation euro region is set to slow and inflation remains under control, council member Guy Quaden said.
 Nomura had a right to choose the valuation method and the shares were deemed worthless because several banks expressed no interest in them, Nomura’s lawyer, Richard Handyside , said.
 Aluminum is most likely to be the first industrial metal to trade via an ETF, while tin is least likely to back a product because it has the smallest inventories, according to a Bloomberg survey of analysts.
 The more eagerly job seekers look for work, the more jobs companies are likely to offer because it will be easier to fill them, according to Pissarides.
 “It’s going to be harder for startups to raise money because there are fewer places to go,” said Pearce, who worked on the survey.
 Jurors ‘Shaken Up’ Phillip Wedo, who sat as an alternate on the jury and wasn’t involved in deliberations, said he didn’t want to talk about the case because he thought it would compromise his loyalty to other jurors.
 16, 2009, Rajaratnam had claimed that Galleon analysts had an advantage over rivals because most were trained as engineers and all focused their energies exclusively on research.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Interest rates are likely to rise a lot because the economy is expanding,” said Ray Fair , an economics professor at Yale University .
 The two firms, both based in New York, are among three groups still left in the bidding process for the CitiFinancial unit, according to the people, who didn’t want to be named because the talks are private.
 ‘Somewhat Gun-Shy’ “Democrats have been somewhat gun-shy of that issue ever since, but I don’t think that has to be the case right now, because the problems facing the country are of such a great nature that we have to find some sort of a solution,” Frost said.
 Investors view Cisco as a bellwether for the technology industry because it dominates the market for routers and switches, which direct Internet traffic .
 (005380) “I’m looking forward to having the discussion on how do we enhance Ford’s competitiveness further,” Mulally said, noting the “dynamic has changed” in contract talks since the last round in 2007 because the company is now profitable and growing.
 ‘Elated’ “I was elated because we seemed to have the first drug capable of completely reprogramming cells,” he wrote in a 2011 essay.
 “There is a lot of excitement building because it is a new way in to target cancers,” said Jeff Porter, a research executive at Novartis.
 “I find your statements troubling because I have seen no factual evidence supporting the argument that the small issuer exemption will not work effectively, only speculative statements that have been largely promoted by the banking industry and major card networks,” Durbin wrote in a letter today to Bernanke.
 “China syndrome’s not a real risk because it would require too much energy.
 The 101-year-old company is scheduled to attend a hearing today at the Hong Kong stock exchange to present its IPO plan, said the people, who declined to be identified because the process is confidential.
 Ethanol producers that are building or expanding refineries to meet growing demand may reconsider their investments because the government may adjust pricing again if it considers inflation to be a problem, according to Adriano Pires, director of the Rio de Janeiro-based research company Centro Brasileiro de Infra Estrutura .
 “But they’ll stay guarded in their communication because they might be interested in reaching an agreement with the government on nuclear energy.
 The price cut will hurt Ultrapar because fuel distribution accounts for 70 percent to 75 percent of its sales, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 “We are building social housing projects mainly because we are a responsible leader in the industry,” Yu said, according to a transcript of the press conference posted on SouFun Holdings Ltd.
 ‘Church People’ “Casinos have been one of the better-paying jobs here and they even have church people working there because the pay scale is better than other places,” said Al Williams, a school-bus mechanic in Vicksburg who has friends who work at the casinos.
 Still Paying Workers The income loss at casinos is being cushioned because some, including Caesars and Isle of Capri Casinos Inc.
 The report also said that part of the $96,000 was “an unlawful and unreported campaign contribution” because Cindy Hampton had been a campaign aide, and that Ensign’s parents misled the FEC in saying the money was a “pattern of giving to the Hamptons.
 Combining the assets is an option if a potential bidder for BASF’s factories, which generate about 500 million euros ($706 million) in sales, also needs K+S’s sales operations, said the people, who declined to be identified because the sale processes are private.
 “You can’t say it is weak or strong at the moment because it depends where you are measuring it against.
” To win confirmation, the Obama administration and Senate Democrats must rally support from some Republican lawmakers because Democrats are short of the 60 votes needed to override procedural moves to block the nomination.
 From Massachusetts Shelby has said Diamond is “legally not eligible to serve” because Fed law bars having two governors come from the same region of the U.
 It reissued the tenders last week because prices offered by suppliers were too high.
 The novel hit a nerve when it came out, because it shattered the enduring myth that mothers never had second thoughts.
 The illicit organ trade is dangerous for the donor and patient because criminals take shortcuts, such as accepting organs from people who are sick and wouldn’t be approved by hospitals in the U.
 “An American doesn’t meet a stranger in Nicaragua and get an organ just because they like each other,” says Callejas, who supports a proposal to regulate transplants.
 At night, she can’t lie on her left side because it hurts too much.
” Fanny Fregueiros, an attorney for the Peruvian Health Ministry , says Soberon died because the transplant was poorly done.
 (BLK) , which agreed to buy 31 percent of the shares in total, three people with knowledge of matter said last week, declining to be identified because the information is private.
 Yeah, we’ve heard the spiel: the cases are too difficult, the insider traders deserve attention because they threaten the integrity of the markets, and making lousy bets with other people’s money isn’t a crime.
 Switzerland has been unable to cut into London’s lead because the British capital dominates trading in markets such as foreign exchange and also provides the range of back-office services that hedge fund managers depend on, said Marko Maslakovic, a senior manager in economic research at TheCityUK.
 “There’s quite a lot of excitement about it in Iceland, but also apprehension because we literally are in the affluent of the Arctic Ocean so a spillage could have some serious consequences for countries like ours, as well as the Faeroes and Greenland,” Skarphedinsson said in an interview in Nuuk.
 The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the full proposal had not yet been released.
75 percentage points more than the London interbank offered rate on the new $2 billion first-lien term loan B, which is due 2018, said the person, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 “Wal-Mart are choosing not to build local distribution centers because they have access to cheaper imports,” Gerhardus Ackerman, the head of buying for Shoprite, said at antitrust hearings being held in Pretoria today.
 Similarly, the CIA’s ability “to keep getting closer and closer with sources of information or people who would either wittingly or unwittingly provide information about patterns of life, our ability electronically to pick up just the smallest thing that might benefit that whole operation -- it all happened because we learned from the one that happened before,” Rogers said.
” Interest in EDT Area Property Partners, a New York-based private-equity firm that also bid on Centro’s assets, is among companies that expressed interest in EDT’s portfolio, according to a person familiar with the firm’s discussions, who declined to be named because the plans are private.
 Bids for Charter Hall were due last week, according to a person familiar with the process, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 “Other central banks have started hiking rates giving Norges Bank more room to maneuver because the rate differentials that would put an upward pressure on the currency are becoming less,” said Gizem Kara, an economist at BNP Paribas SA, by phone from London .
 “It’s important that the geothermal industry has another source of funding because the equity markets are quite challenging at the moment,” Terry Kallis, managing director of Adelaide-based Petratherm, said in a phone interview.
 (MSFT) , the biggest software maker, because personal-computer sales growth is fastest in countries that have high rates of software theft.
 still racks up the largest losses in dollars because it is the biggest software market, Holleyman said.
 The investigators are reliant on the boxes because the Airbus went down between Brazil and west Africa, beyond radio contact and radar coverage.
 “A portfolio manager who believes the GM story may stay on the sidelines because when Treasury files to sell, the stock could sink,” he said in a telephone interview.
 “Other investors don’t want to invest simply because there is government ownership.
 The government contended Microsoft hindered access to the Netscape Navigator browser because its Java programming language let programmers write applications that ran on any operating system, not just Windows.
 “Microsoft got into antitrust trouble because it fell behind as an innovator and then tried to catch up by flexing its Windows monopoly rather than competing on the merits,” said Andy Gavil, an antitrust professor at Howard University Law School in Washington .
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
html Treasury yields may stay low because inflation is in check, according to Fidelity Investments , the Boston-based fund company that oversees $1.
 The bond will have to be issued “significantly before the end of the year, because the end-of-year sends a bad signal that we are desperate for funds at any cost,” he said.
 “We are very confident for our future because the trend for demand from the energy sector is good.
64 trillion, said Treasuries should be a “core component” of investor portfolios because inflation is low.
 The study, which was due to end in 2015, was terminated early because the effect was so clear, U.
 Treasury yields may stay low because inflation is in check, according to Boston-based Fidelity.
 “We can be much tougher with tenants now because we know we can get a higher rent,” said Naomi Heaton, chief executive officer of London Central Property Ltd.
” Krka is investing in pharmaceutical facilities in Russia and Slovenia because it expects sales in eastern Europe to continue rising as economies in the region emerge from the deepest recession since the fall of communism and consumption of health products advances.
 (MSFT) , the biggest software maker, because personal-computer sales growth is fastest in countries that have high rates of software theft.
 still racks up the largest losses in dollars because it is the biggest software market, Holleyman said.
, said five people, who declined to be identified because the plans are private.
 “Planting area for wheat and corn appears to be on an increasing trend because farmers will choose to plant the most profitable commodity,” which will help slow food-cost increases, Konuma said.
 Growth in the construction machinery industry may decelerate in coming months because reduced infrastructure investment since last year will lead to weakening demand, Tian Lu, an analyst at Goldman Sachs, wrote in a report today.
 By contrast with investors in the poll, many economists don’t see the yuan becoming fully convertible until 2020 or later because making the move earlier could stoke real estate and equity bubbles.
 “We took a chance because ASX was a fantastic opportunity.
 aims to start trading in early June, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 It has had no federal administration since October elections because Serbs, Croats and Muslims have failed to agree as each nation seeks a dominant position in the Balkan country.
” “Shirakawa holds the view of the Bank of International Settlements, which is that it’s important to maintain a tightening bias because asset bubbles need to be avoided.
 I believe that’s because the BOJ has had a shorter history of independence than its counterparts in the U.
 The facility is subject to conditions, including the results of Gold One’s due-diligence study of Rand Uranium, said the people, who declined to be identified because the conditions are yet to be met.
 The fact that he may not return to his family because he lost his U.
 Hearings were limited to two sessions of 90 minutes a day because Demjanjuk suffers from an incurable bone-marrow disease and back pain.
” Chubu Electric delayed the shutdown work from today because negotiations with Tokyo Electric and Kyushu Electric Power Co.
 The lack of wage growth means central banks do not need to clamp down on inflation generated by higher oil prices because the cost of energy is not spurring higher worker pay, Blanchflower said.
 investors alleged they were prevented from developing and operating a casino on the site in part because CapitaLand wanted to exercise a put option, or a right to sell its stake in the project back to ESun, after the Hong Kong company “misinformed” the developer about how much rent the U.
 Renee Calabro , a spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank, said the day the Los Angeles complaint was filed that it’s “against the wrong party” because loan servicers, rather than trustees, are responsible for maintenance of foreclosed properties.
 District Judge Sara Lioi in Cleveland ruled in 2009 that the funding of subprime lending couldn’t form the basis of Cleveland’s public-nuisance claim because such lending is legal and that state law forbids municipalities from regulating mortgages.
 “You don’t want to keep pushing people down and down because there may be side effects with the treatment, of which hypoglycemia is one.
 The matter is now heading for the courts with Hicks and Gillett arguing that Purslow and Ayre shouldn’t have voted on the deal because they had been replaced by Mack Hicks and Lori Kay McCutcheon, who is vice president at Hicks Holdings LLC.
 There is probably only a limited capacity to refinance because so many people are with negative equity on the homes.
 Moskow said his prediction for ADM’s buyback is likely to be “conservative” because he estimates the Decatur, Illinois- based company has $1.
 “The renewable fuels business has this year not contributed anything to the bottom line, because it has been negative numbers,” he said.
4 billion first-lien loan, a $375 million second-lien loan and a $250 million revolving credit line, said the people familiar with the negotiations, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 CWCapital Capital Asset Management LLC, the representative of holders of the $3 billion mortgage on the property, are considering a purchase of the $300 million of mezzanine, or junior, debt owned by Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP and Winthrop Realty Trust , said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
” It is normal to see inflows of funds because the economy is strong, Bank of Thailand Deputy Governor Atchana Waiquamdee said today.
5 years to March 2017, said the people, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 Tupras will borrow in export credit agency-covered and commercial portions, said the bankers, who refused to be identified because the loan talks are private.
 The S&P 500 may rally as much as 16 percent in the next six months because the election will stymie legislative initiatives in Congress, billionaire investor Kenneth Fisher said.
 At a previous job as a trader, Ochocki became known by the letters O-C-H, Wilson said, and is still referred to as that because his name is hard to pronounce.
 Peter Sorrentino , senior portfolio manager at Huntington Asset Advisors in Cincinnati, said his firm has cut back on investments in banks because their financial statements have become too opaque to understand.
 The analysts cut their forecasts for Europe’s benchmark government debt security through June, because action by the U.
 “Gold and precious metals will continue to benefit because there is more quantitative easing down the line.
html Tin may rally to a record $28,000 a metric ton because the rainfall that disrupted output this year in Indonesia, the world’s largest exporter, will extend into 2011, according to a government official.
 Shah said that even as Delta cut capacity by parking the last 10 of Northwest’s Boeing 747 freighters , which averaged about 30 years old, the airline was able to more than double its cargo profit margins to “well north of 50 percent” because a bigger network and improving economy helped pump up rates.
 Mulva’s Plans Weiss said he wasn’t “enthused” about the prospect of Carrig or Cornelius replacing Mulva, 64, as CEO because ConocoPhillips needs someone with more of an operational background.
” Negotiations aren’t progressing because developing nations and developed nations are pitted against each other along an artificial divide that no longer makes sense, Pershing said.
 “This is where the good companies with good management teams should start outperforming because growth becomes more scarce,” said Mark Demos , a Minneapolis-based portfolio manager at Fifth Third Asset Management, which oversees $18 billion.
” However, he noted that “scaling up asset purchases does represent de facto an acknowledgement that stimulus policies did not work because consumers and companies are still worried about the future.
 “Yet banks want to expand here because the country is growing at a phenomenal pace.
 In fact, most HFT firms say they slowed trading -- or shut down altogether -- as May 6 unfolded because they were unsure of whether the quotes they were seeing were accurate.
 In the 1990s, day traders using the Small Order Execution System, a computer network that automatically executed trades of up to 1,000 shares, were called the SOES bandits because they swooped in before market makers could update prices.
 Price Discrepancies Connell says he quit Salomon in 1998 because he felt destined for a life in middle management.
 “If you are comfortable with, or can get comfortable with, participating in the non-performing loan space, there should be a lot of opportunity because not everyone wants to be there,” said Douglas Schneller , a partner at law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP in New York, who represents buyers and sellers of distressed debt.
8 billion) fund to buy primarily European non- performing loans, may raise more to invest in this space, said a person familiar with the fund, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 stocks are poised for bigger earnings-related gains than they had last quarter because profit projections are falling, according to Jonathan Golub, chief U.
 , the person said, declining to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 “That’s when my brother, because I was so messed up, came in and flew me out.
 Some employees whose job are eliminated find work elsewhere in their companies and many announced staff reductions never take place because business improves.
 Colorado-based Gillett and Texan Hicks yesterday tried to fire the team’s Commercial Director Ian Ayre and Managing Director Christian Purslow in an attempt to derail the sale because they felt it undervalued the team.
 Fans Protested Liverpool supporters have protested against Hicks and Gillett for much of their tenure because they raised debt against the club to finance their 219 million-pound takeover in February 2007.
html The Bank of England should avoid adding more stimulus through so-called quantitative easing because it threatens to create inflation, former U.
 because it was the first trial since the Justice Department began a crackdown in March 2009 on offshore tax evasion, said Martin Press , a lawyer in Fort Lauderdale.
 “Clearly the appeal is to people who are out of work, obviously dissatisfied, probably upset that community college classes are so crowded because so many people are there trying to pick up credentials,” Baker said in a telephone interview.
 Lockyer hasn’t been able to borrow the money because the promise to repay the notes must be included in the budget.
 “The season is hopeful because we are positioned in a much better place than we were over the last two years,” Shay said in a telephone interview yesterday.
 “The bias in the market is to the downside because sentiment is very negative,” said Mark Freeman , a money manager at Westwood Management Corp.
 Barclays Plc is managing the sale, which will be used to fund a senior loan to Yasar from Barclays Bank Plc, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 24, said the person, who declined to be identified because the marketing was private.
 Big Buyer Regesta said bonds were boosted today because a large investor had bought a so-called swap betting on 10 years of subdued inflation.
 “It looks like the drop in refinery runs caused the drop in fuel supplies because demand for both distillate and gasoline was down last week.
 While Kaplan read his three- page ruling to a courtroom filled with federal agents and prosecutors, he said a supplement to his written decision is sealed from public view because it contains classified information.
 Minutes from last month’s central bank meeting, published yesterday, showed that in September the bank considered slowing the pace of rate rises because the increasing currency and lower inflation readings in developed countries reduced the risk of importing inflation.
 Tymoshenko took steps to renationalize some assets after she took office in 2005 because she deemed they were sold under questionable conditions or without an open tender.
 We’re not only selling enterprise capability, but because our service is scalable to 100,000 users, other people can host our capability.
 A: I think so, because you stand out like a sore thumb.
 It had to be handled at lightning speed because the health of the already shaky U.
 Now, we must accept that ultra-low borrowing costs will be with us for a while because governments will make sure of it.
 Such plans attract more customers to smartphones because they can get service that is lower priced than the unlimited data plans.
 “The money market over-reacted on this today because it will not have an influence before the second part of next year,” Bruce said yesterday.
 Vandermeer made the 20-man roster last season and played in five matches, though he was left off the 14-man travel squad because he lacked experience.
 I know it’s not easy for them because the owners have other ideas in terms of the sale of the club and what is achievable.
 states, raised $654 million in debt after postponing a third of its planned sale because investors demanded higher yields amid the heaviest volume for municipal bond sales in almost a year.
 “I’m not predicting more quantitative easing because the short-term inflation outlook has deteriorated,” he said.
 dollar is going to remain fundamentally weak because they are the biggest player right now in terms of contemplating quantitative easing.
 Korean builders have adopted “a strategy to go international because there is lots of competition domestically,” said Kwang-Soo Lee , an equities analyst at Hanwha Securities in Seoul.
 Areva Chief Executive Anne Lauvergeon said in January that her company lost the nuclear bid because Abu Dhabi chose a cheaper solution with reduced safety standards.
 RWE could sell as much as 75 percent of the unit, called Amprion, to a company that doesn’t compete with RWE in power generation or transmission, such as a financial investor, said the person, who asked to remain anonymous because the matter is private.
 Regardless of how it goes, people are going to start hedging because they need to.
 That’s because insect populations have been low and SmartStax is available in only 30 hybrids this year, compared with more than 300 triple-stack varieties, Chief Technology Officer Robert Fraley said on the call.
 Impeachment Threat Social Democrat leader Victor Ponta, who initiated the challenges, said his party will ask Basescu not to sign off on the law because the lower house of parliament passed it through alleged irregularities, with more votes recorded than were present.
” One approach to reducing government expenditures is to reform entitlement spending because that would not have an immediate impact on demand, the IMF said without mentioning specific programs.
 At a previous job as a trader, Ochocki became known by the letters O-C-H, Wilson said, and is still referred to as that because his name is hard to pronounce.
 Lehman has no legal right to challenge the transaction now because its advisers knew and documented all the details when the deal was struck, and defended it in a higher court when it was challenged, according to Barclays.
 They declined to be identified because talks to sell the club were still in progress.
 and Blackstone Group LP didn’t result in an agreement, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “If someone hasn’t made any mortgage payments in a year, are we really going to give them a home just because someone screwed up the paperwork.
html Turkey may slow the pace of sales of government assets after exceeding its target for the year and because financers are asking for more time to prepare deals, the head of the sales agency said.
 “Buying an asset because you expect the price to rise in the future, well, that is actually the academic definition of a bubble.
 “Pressure may ease a lot on the BOJ to buy more long-term bonds because they decided to secure liquidity by purchasing debt nearing maturity in a separate facility,” said Makoto Noji , a Tokyo-based strategist at Mizuho Securities, a unit of Japan’s second-largest banking group.
 “The BOJ seems to be reluctant to buy more long-term bonds because it could compromise its fiscal discipline,” Noji said.
 Lukoil cannot independently sell gas produced in Russia to China because Gazprom holds a monopoly on exports.
” Funtleyder said Capsugel won’t demand a “massive premium price,” because it is largely a manufacturing business.
 The transactions are usually best suited to companies with consistent profits and a long-term outlook because the tax credits are meted out over 10 years and equity can be tied up for 15 years.
 That’s because developers have to offer better discounts on tax credits to attract investors.
 Developers are able to charge below-market rents because the equity infusions lower their debt costs.
” Projects rarely fail because demand for the housing is strong, especially in expensive cities, said Percy Vaz, chief executive officer of AMCAL Multi-Housing Inc.
 Approval of the revised plan appears all but assured because holders of more than two-thirds of the senior debt agreed to support the settlement.
 Any creditor is at liberty to file a reorganization plan because Broadstripe has been in Chapter 11 more than 18 months.
 The bonds may be priced to yield 50 basis points to 65 basis points more than the yen swap rate, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 , a failed Australian company with debts of at least A$700 million ($680 million), won an extension for its bankruptcy protection because it expects to get final bids by Nov.
 Advertisers should avoid making blanket claims that a product is “environmentally friendly” or “eco-friendly” because such assertions are almost impossible to verify, the FTC said.
 ‘Appropriate’ Action A trial judge threw out Teva’s challenge to the four patents, saying there was no legal controversy because Eisai never planned to use those patents to block generic competition.
 15 that Renault didn’t intend to sell its Volvo stake soon because the manufacturer has enough funds to reduce debt.
 GMR’s stake would likely fetch a higher price because it includes the right to manage the business and other powers, one of the people said.
 Adnoc sold at least seven of those cargoes, or at least 5 million barrels, to refiners in Japan , South Korea and China , said the people, who asked not to be identified because the shipments are confidential.
 Boy Scouts “They can’t fund the Boy Scouts of America because they like the programs that the BSA has.
125 percent area on the proposed seven-year bonds that may be sold as early as today, said two people familiar with matter, who asked not be identified because the details are private.
 “Citic Pacific is trying to avoid payments over the delayed Sino Iron ore project in Western Australia because it is in financial difficulties,” Palmer said in a March 27 statement.
 Royalty Payments Citic Pacific’s debt will continue to rise because its cash flow is insufficient to pay for the mine development, Alan Gao, vice president at Moody’s Investors Service, said in a March 6 report.
 One is that companies hesitate to make statements about anticipated future performance because they fear litigation.
 This is all about innovation, and I am saddened to think that US companies, some of the world's most innovative businesses in their own right, might be held back because they are stuck in an out-of-date reporting model.
’s lawyers disputed investors’ claims that board members participated in a cover-up because they were beholden to Murdoch and his family.
 An attempt on April 17 was scrubbed 12 minutes before liftoff because a data cable prematurely disconnected from the rocket.
 For Orbital, the stakes are high because any setback raises the risk that NASA could award a greater share of future supply missions to Hawthorne, California-based SpaceX, William Loomis, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
 Tamerlan and Dzhokar Tsarnaev faced “unbearable pressure” because information about them spread in real time to computers, televisions and smartphones nationwide, said O’Donnell, the former prosecutor.
 A surveillance video shows the two bombing suspects approached Collier and shot him, according to a person familiar with the case who is not permitted to comment because the investigation is continuing.
 California Permitting Unloading trains directly at a California refinery is unfeasible because obtaining state permits would take too long, Hackett said.
 The trip may have been missed by the FBI because his name was misspelled on airline records, said Senator Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican.
5 billion depending on what assets and liabilities are included, said the person, who asked to not be named because the talks are private.
 A surveillance video shows the two bombing suspects approached Collier and shot him, according to a person familiar with the case who is not permitted to comment because the investigation is continuing.
 The carrier may let Rome-based CDP increase its holding over time, said the people, asking not to be identified because the discussions are preliminary and no agreement has been reached.
 Others are moving out of the East London hub because the startup scene has gotten so big that entrepreneurs are dividing themselves up into industry neighborhoods, said Eric van der Kleij, the former CEO of Tech City, the government-backed investment organization for East London’s startups.
 “I resigned because it was not having any impact,” Wrage said in a telephone interview.
 Airlines for America , which represents large carriers, and the Regional Airline Association asked for a moratorium on the rule on April 19 because budget cuts make delays more likely, the Transportation Department said in a statement.
, said his firm won’t sell the new insurers’ annuities, in part because their financial-strength ratings from A.
 “The market needs to see some evidence that the future looks bright because that candle is flickering.
 The 47-year-old billionaire said the prediction could fulfill itself this year because in sports, “every team have a chance.
 “The whole migraine world was thrown into a tizzy because this was supposed to be the next big thing,” Cathy Glaser, president and co-founder of the Migraine Research Foundation , said in an interview.
 “It’s kind of a crucial time because we had this fairly decent rally,” Marc Pinto, head of corporate bond strategy at New York-based Susquehanna International Group LLP, said in a telephone interview.
 Iraq, Afghanistan The Semper Fi Fund veterans came to Boston, they said, because the aftermath of the bombing, “looked exactly like something we saw in Iraq and Afghanistan ,” Ganem said.
 The bill removes one barrier because it allows cross-state transactions to be taxed.
 Between Businesses Many states haven’t imposed taxes on services because many of the transactions are often between businesses, said Helen Hecht, chief counsel of the Federation of Tax Administrators, a group of state officials.
 Tsarnaev’s visit to his parents and relatives in Russia’s Dagestan and Chechnya regions, a hotbed of Islamist separatist movements, didn’t register because the airline misspelled his name, according to Graham, a South Carolina Republican.
” The FBI, at the request of Russia’s domestic intelligence service, conducted a three-month review of Tsarnaev’s activities in 2011, which included interviews with Tsarnaev and his family members, and a look into communications and Internet usage, according to two law-enforcement officials who asked not to be named because the bombing investigation is continuing.
 “We’ve really got to dig down deep and make sure we are not missing anything here” because it could happen again, Coats said in an interview.
625 percent, according to people familiar with the transaction who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Before the current treatments, called highly active antiretroviral therapies , or HAART, became available, about half of kids with HIV who died did so because their hearts were damaged, said Steven Lipshultz , the lead study author.
ru because it gets a bigger portion of its revenue from online advertising.
 Conflicts of Interest The Justice Department alleged that S&P lied about its ratings being free of conflicts of interest because it downplayed or disregarded credit risks to win more business from investment banks and other issuers of the securities that paid the company to provide the ratings and that sought the highest possible ratings.
” S&P probably won’t be successful in dismissing the lawsuit because the standard for throwing out a complaint is high, said Neil Kaufman, chairman of the corporate department at Abrams Fensterman.
 The fund accused S&P of touting ratings models as “state of the art” while deliberately not updating them because it knew doing so would require lowering ratings and would cause the company to lose market share , according to the filing.
 “This sale is positive for the credit, not only because it improves the company’s liquidity position, but also because it was able to execute on an asset in such a difficult market environment,” they wrote in the report.
 “This is not a surprise because the commission has heretofore not found a violation by Apple in any case as to any claim in any patent,” said Rodney Sweetland, a patent lawyer with Duane Morris in Washington who specializes in ITC cases.
 Motorola Mobility argued the sensor technology wouldn’t have been obvious to engineers in 1999, when the patent application was filed, because there were few touchscreen mobile devices so people were unlikely to realize it would be a problem.
 on cybersecurity because the effects of an Internet attack could be as serious as a nuclear bomb, a Chinese general said at a briefing with the chairman of the U.
 “The overseas debt was higher than what the market had expected because the won weakened more than what we had thought,” said Kwon Sung Ryul, an analyst at Dongbu Securities in Seoul.
 Analysts and investors follow changes in speculators’ positions because such transactions can reflect an expectation of a change in prices.
 He felt comfortable making it because he knew that in a few days he would be welcoming to Israel a friend bearing some useful gifts.
 aid package means they’re subsidized) is particularly notable, because Israel will be the first American ally allowed to buy them.
 Kumar said he would not resign today in a televised press conference because it will not improve the situation.
 The Brussels-based EU agency said in 2009 it raided companies that make chips for telephone SIM cards, bank cards and identity cards because they may have fixed prices, allocated customers and exchanged commercially sensitive information.
 Deutsche Bank says Vik was aware of the risks being taken, citing an e-mail he sent to Said saying: “We have to win big because we lose big sometimes as well.
, Royal Bank of Canada and Credit Suisse Group AG -- have expressed a desire to get out of the deal after Blackstone pulled out April 19, said a person with knowledge of the matter who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 The breakup fee is also higher than normal, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks were private.
 Profits from new products weren’t going to be generated fast enough as the PC business deteriorated, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the details were private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Canadian businesses have been holding off from making investments because they are waiting for signs of strength in the global economy, Carney said in an interview with Global TV that aired yesterday.
 has one of the highest rates of road fatalities as a share of population among members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, mostly because we drive a lot.
 road death rate is only a bit above the OECD average, but that's mostly because we do much better than places like Mexico and Turkey.
 That’s because she advised some Promontory clients on the matter, OCC ethics counsel Jen Dickey said.
 Weiss, director of climate strategy at the Center for American Progress, a Washington policy institute with ties to the administration, said Keystone opponents are pessimistic because the White House has offered no signals that it will turn down the permit.
 White House press secretary Jay Carney has parried questions about Obama’s thinking in recent weeks by saying the review is being conducted by the State Department, because the pipeline crosses an international border.
 False Impression The plaintiffs allege Philip Morris deceptively marketed and labeled cigarettes as “light” and “low tar” because it created the false impression that these cigarettes were less dangerous than full-flavor ones, according to an April 19 court filing by Philip Morris.
 Ma was prosecuted in Ningxiang county in Hunan because the alleged illegal trades were conducted through a company he set up in the province, according to the San Xiang Metropolitan report .
 This situation is not problematic because it shows the market is returning to normal.
 (JPM) The DTCC has said the CME plan fails to comply with more than a year of CFTC rulemaking and would lead to worse oversight of the market because data will be fragmented.
 “We’re certainly hoping that FrontFour wins board seats because they would love it if somebody would buy the company.
 “The problem with errors in high-priced stocks is that you rarely see the market center bust trades because you rarely see the stock trade up or down the 10 percent threshold usually required for review and relief.
 When terrorists succeed in generating widespread fear, it is also because they get people to focus on terrible outcomes, and not on the likelihood that they will come about.
 Yet even when individuals are highly unlikely to be at risk, they might remain fearful, simply because the horrible outcome is so vivid.
 Formal consideration probably won’t occur until the week of May 6 because committee rules allow new business to be delayed at the request of any member.
 Many Americans support legalizing illegal immigrants because it seems more humane and practical than mass deportations.
 Some Bank of Japan board members consider it infeasible to expand government-bond purchases beyond what was announced this month, according to people familiar with the central bank’s discussions who asked not to be identified because the talks were private.
 “If the results give us only one mine, it’s nice for us because we are a small country.
 Even before the pension process was over, there was growing speculation that Raimondo might run for governor in 2014, in no small part because the incumbent who signed the pension law -- independent ex-Republican Lincoln Chafee -- has had an approval rating in the 20s for most of his term in office.
 Raimondo’s Test Still, a campaign for governor would be the first real test of Raimondo’s political chops, because her 2010 race was a cakewalk.
 Kathy Miller, a Stockton council member, said the city eliminated the retiree medical premium payments because it was something officials could control.
 “So we are even more hungry than we were this season because you could just tell, from day one, everyone wanted this.
 “We are pursuing these settlement discussions because we believe that an early and reasonably-valued resolution is in the best interests of our shareholders.
 Different Experience We often ask ourselves how we would react in a tough situation, because invariably, we end up covering fires, shootings and other tragedies.
 As a member of the media, I will inevitably receive negative comments and criticism about the photos that I took, because some people disagree about what the public should and should not be able to see.
 That would make sense, because the evidence suggests that central banks have mattered much more than treasuries in influencing the depth of the recession and the pace of recovery.
 That means day rates for very large crude carriers, which have slid 98 percent since 2007 to average $3,270 this year, are unlikely to recover because journeys from the Persian Gulf to Shanghai are 7,500 miles shorter than deliveries to Houston.
 “It will definitely have a negative impact because Chinese growth is smaller and much of it is going to come by pipeline.
 New Ships Owners may get a break because the fleet expansion is almost over.
 That’s bad for owners because China National Petroleum Corp.
 “If the government’s case appears to be a stretch, that is because it is,” the company said.
 Government Claims The government alleged that S&P lied about its ratings being free of conflicts of interest because it downplayed or disregarded credit risks to win more business from investment banks and other issuers of the securities that paid the company to provide the ratings and that sought the highest possible ratings.
 State Department is reviewing the project because it crosses an international border.
 “Exports increased in April because prices in southern Russia fell and became competitive for supplies to such countries as Tunisia ,” Vladimir Petrichenko, director of Moscow-based consultancy OOO ProZerno, said by phone today.
 There may be 90 to 120 ill adults who haven’t been detected because their infections are mild, Benjamin Cowling, associate professor at the university’s public health research center, said today.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 It’s not practical for countries around the world to coordinate their policies on “monetary spillovers” because such cooperation may conflict with domestic central-bank mandates, such as inflation targets, said Rey, who this year became the first woman to win the Yrjo Jahnsson Prize, given to European economists under the age of 45 whose research is significant to Europe.
 The Fed found support from Luiz Awazu Pereira, deputy governor of Brazil ’s central bank, who said slowing stimulus from the Fed should be “positive” for his country because it would show the U.
16 billion, all-cash deal may be announced as soon as Monday, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “I did have extra-marital affairs -- she was very angry about that,” Bo said, adding that he had no need to embezzle money because his wife had made millions of yuan as a lawyer.
” Allowing so much of Bo’s trial to be aired publicly is risky for the Communist Party because it may garner Bo new support from people impressed by his vigorous defense, according to Randy Peerenboom, a law professor at La Trobe University in Melbourne , Australia .
 That, in turn, may backfire on Bo because the party is still in control, he said.
” Exchanges are resisting Regulation SCI because they worry it will be used to fine them for software glitches that are impossible to eliminate, Tabb said.
 She later canceled his holding because she felt Heywood was unreliable, according to a court transcript.
 Taper Forecasts “Investors are even less worried about inflation as we get closer to tapering, because there will be less money in the system,” said George Goncalves , the head of interest-rate strategy at Nomura Holdings Inc.
 ‘Imperfectly Predictable’ “Although there are benefits to the market more accurately anticipating a given policy decision, because the data are likely to evolve in an imperfectly predictable fashion, so will market interest rates and asset prices,” Bean said.
 Switch Pulled “It’s a good thing to halt the data before the trades go crazy because it could have easily turned into a flash crash,” said James Angel, a finance professor at Georgetown University in Washington .
 Ballmer and the company’s board started discussing succession planning as early as 2010, said a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations were private.
 Many senior executives were surprised, said another person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private.
 Among the internal candidates are Bates, Myerson, Satya Nadella, head of the server business who was appointed to direct cloud and enterprise products last month, and Qi Lu, responsible for the Bing search engine and other Internet projects and who was named to oversee Office and the Skype videoconference business and to run a new applications group, according to people with knowledge of the matter who asked not to identified because the discussions are private.
html Any withdrawal of stimulus by the Federal Reserve should be positive for Brazil because it would show the U.
 Knowing more about the situation in these countries “is important, because otherwise the EU would apply rules of taxation to certain products whereas the same products would not be taxed either with a withholding tax or with a system of automatic exchange of information.
 Many soldiers on the ground don’t wear their regulation earplugs because they have to listen carefully for signs of trouble.
 Treatment is complicated because hearing loss may be one of several conditions soldiers bring home.
 (7201) ’s luxury Infiniti brand plans to attract younger Chinese buyers who are more open-minded about trying out new cars because they find an Audi, Mercedes or BMW too commonplace.
 The leveraged-buyout firm has spent two months searching for a global head of health-care to be based in London , said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Obama’s fix, announced at a White House news conference today, “doesn’t go as far as I’d like,” because it would only last one year, said Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon .
” Drug’s Safety The panel agreed, with many members saying they voted that the drug’s safety issues didn’t preclude its approval because patients should be allowed to make that decision with their doctor.
 (Delightful back story is that LIN needed the money because it had done some other, unrelated, aggressive tax planning in the past to defer a big gain, its taxes on that gain were coming due.
" You can tell because Twitter and Facebook are both well above their IPO prices.
 ’’I would prefer an administrative fix because it could be done much more quickly without any accompanying agendas.
html Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Janet Yellen said the central bank should tailor regulations for non-bank financial companies such as insurers that may fall under Fed oversight, because their businesses are different than banks.
 argue that their businesses aren’t suited to bank-like regulation in part because their liabilities are in the form of policies rather than short-term deposits.
 Investment Plans The private-equity firm, co-founded by Leon Black , Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan in 1990, could deploy as much as 3 billion euros in Spain in the next three to five years, according to two people with knowledge of the plans, who asked not be named because the information is private.
 Chief Financial Officer Reinhard Loose said in an interview in September that it has become “more difficult” to reach the goal because customers are reluctant to spend money on long-term savings products.
 “Your crimes in my estimation are made all the more heinous because they were all about money.
 His lawyer said the testimony of Bulger’s ex-associates can’t be trusted because they cut deals with prosecutors to avoid lengthy prison terms or death sentences.
 The jury made no finding on the murder of Debra Davis, who was the girlfriend of Stephen Flemmi, a former Bulger associate who testified Bulger strangled Davis because she learned they were informants for the FBI.
 “We increased investments in the last few years because we thought prices will stay high,” Solorzano said by telephone from Montes de Oro, where he has been farming for three decades on Costa Rica’s Pacific slopes about 130 kilometers (81 miles) north of the capital, San Jose.
 We can’t do anything else because the land around us is very hilly.
” Crop Expansion Prices are dropping because farmers are now seeing the payoff of their investments in trees, fertilizer and improved growing techniques after coffee more than doubled from about $1.
 “Most of those who have worked hard and started looking for jobs after graduation are unemployed because most jobs are taken by non-Saudis,” Turki Abdullah Al-Sudairi wrote.
 European data protection regulators from the 28-nation EU decided that because Swift is based in Belgium and has an important data processing center in the Netherlands, the respective national privacy regulators should lead the probe, Kohnstamm said.
 ‘Wide Banking Union’ “This is a day that is finishing well and not only because it is finishing early,” Moscovici said after the talks concluded.
 The platform planks were “adopted because they are things that Republicans agree on,” Blackburn told the Financial Times.
 supplies in the tender today because North American grain handlers are focused on shipping recently harvested corn and soybeans, FCStone’s O’Dea said by e-mail.
 Ballast water that can sometimes contain invasive species isn’t an issue because the water collected from Iceland is uncontaminated after being filtered for years underground, he said.
 While authorities in neighboring Norway and Sweden are probing ways to limit borrowing, Denmark says indebtedness is no threat because households can tap pensions and home equity if they get into trouble.
 I will say this: I think my household probably accounts for at least two of those 106,185 because I went shopping on the D.
 Insurers are already warning that they can’t simply allow people to stay on their old plans, firstly because all plans have to be approved by state insurers who haven’t signed onto this, and secondly because getting their computer systems to reissue the canceled policies is a hefty programming task that may not be possible to complete by the end of the year.
 That’s dangerous for all sorts of reasons, not least because it makes them vulnerable to court action.
 Keenan said he was giving Chouchane a sentence lower than the five-year term sought by the government because he was swayed by the letters submitted on his behalf.
3 billion dirhams ($354 million) to refinance a 2009 loan, two people with knowledge of the matter said today, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 Justice Suit “The reason why these mandates exist in the first place is because state and local actors were piggy-backing off of federal requirements for ratings,” Jeffrey Manns, an associate professor of law at George Washington University in Washington, said in a telephone interview.
 “We switched because the party left us,” Lyman Hussey, 73 said.
 A house in Alameda, CA was reportedly built on a tiny lot to annoy a neighbor in 1890, and a home in Alexandria, VA was built over an alley because the owner was tired of the loiterers who passed through.
 "I like it because it's different.
” Maloney, who studied French in high school and college, said that because so many of her constituents have been Latinos, “whenever I try to speak French, Spanish comes out.
 Work on putting in place the advanced centrifuges, which separate uranium isotopes at supersonic speeds, was halted shortly after Iranian President Hassan Rouhani took office, according to three senior diplomats who declined to be named because the information is not yet public.
 “Yellen’s comments are making a big impact because they signal the continuation of stimulus, which is good news for global shares,” said Takuya Takahashi, a senior strategist at Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
 “We’re focusing on emerging markets because working hands have moved from developed to developing markets and clearly we need to be where working hands are,” Chief Executive Officer Magnus Nicolin said in an interview in London.
 “It needs to be done soon because Feb.
 Almost all the world’s tankers were barred from hauling the Gulf state’s fuel six months later when European Union rules took effect because the ships were insured by companies following EU law.
 Smith and FedEx should face less pressure than other Third Point targets because profits are improving and the CEO has agreed to a stock buyback program, Yagerman said.
 In the case of private charities, tracking where the money ends up is a “more difficult task because you have to control the upstream and the downstream,” he said.
 “It’s a real irony because you would think that this Conservative government would be the best defender of the natural resource part of our economy internationally.
 “I altered the policy because I believe that in certain cases, more may be required for a resolution to achieve public accountability and to be, and viewed to be, a sufficient punishment to send a strong message of deterrence,” White said today.
 “I don’t support increasing them at this time, because I think it could interfere with the negotiations.
 is lower than before 2001 because groups that pose a threat are more dispersed and more likely to attack overseas.
 The reductions will be spread among senior and junior employees and bring headcount at the division to about 100, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the details are confidential.
 While the “Gravity” movie is “pessimistic” because real-life operational spacecraft can make avoidance maneuvers, removing 10 large objects a year would ensure that the amount of space debris is stabilized, the British body said.
 I think it will be more investment in and emphasis on cybersecurity, because DHS ought to manage cybersecurity, obviously with the support of the Department of Defense and NSA [National Security Agency].
 Chertoff: If someone weaponizes a biological agent, it’s very hard to keep it out of the country, because you could carry it in a vial.
 Although maybe someday we'll be able to short Fantex, which would be close, because that way investors could profit when a pro football player suffers a horrific, career-ending injury.
 The number of applications from five states and territories, including California, were estimated because the holiday-shortened workweek prevented a complete tabulation, the Labor Department said.
 The success of the exchanges will depend as much on which people enroll as on how many, because the ultimate cost of insurance will be determined by the balance of the young and healthy and the old and sick who sign on.
 “I don’t support increasing them at this time, because I think it could interfere with the negotiations.
 “I don’t support increasing them at this time, because I think it could interfere with the negotiations.
 District Judge Lucy Koh ruled the verdict was flawed because jurors miscalculated the period that the infringement occurred for some of the 28 Samsung devices on trial.
 The stakes are higher in that case because it covers technology in newer smartphones, including Apple’s iPhone 5 and Samsung’s Galaxy S III.
, to Wuxi Suntech because the disposals may be voidable under British Virgin Islands law, according to the filing.
 “I would not rule out using monetary policy as a tool to address asset-price misalignments, but because it’s a blunt tool and because Congress has asked us to use those tools to achieve the goals of maximum employment and price stability, I would like to see monetary policy directed toward achieving those goals Congress has given us,” Yellen said today during her confirmation hearing.
 lawmakers raised objections about the contract because the trader has supplied arms to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
 PGE SA, majority-owned by the government, can afford to expand the Opole utility in the southwest because it is making money elsewhere, Deputy Prime Minister Janusz Piechocinski told reporters in Warsaw on Nov.
 The government says PGE must complete the Opole expansion because the nation may face shortages in as little as four years.
 Both Republicans and Democrats in Congress have been rushing to pass legislation that would let people stay in their insurance policies -- especially because the law threatens to fine them for not replacing those policies, which is hard to do when the federal website where they’re supposed to find a replacement isn’t working.
 The website ’s difficulties make that problem worse, because only the most motivated Internet surfers have so far applied for insurance -- which is to say, the sickest ones.
 Health Insurance Exchanges In recent weeks, proponents of Obamacare have been arguing that we shouldn’t make too much of its early troubles, because President George W.
 “We just kind of ignored it because it was just so far out in left field.
” Japan is at the heart of the talks because until a few years ago it was the second biggest economy behind the U.
 and because it hosted negotiations in Kyoto in 1997 that resulted in the only treaty limiting emissions.
 “Certainly they are going to over-achieve their target by 2020 because the target is so low,” Su said.
 15 have not been filled, said two traders who participate in the market, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 You can worry a lot about the details, and because this is the mortgage market the details matter a whole ton.
 “We are concerned about rising prices of jet fuel from Japanese refiners because they are expected to continue cutting refining capacity.
 Profit Forecast Gushing output has been a “mixed blessing” for producers because it yields more crude they can sell while also undermining the prices they receive, said Kevin S.
 Profits in the oil patch will continue to be “very strong” because even with the recent drop in crude markets, prices are well above production costs in shale formations, McCarthy said.
 Baturina, who lives in London and made a fortune of more than $1 billion in plastics and real estate, sued Alexander Chistyakov, saying the Russian businessman owes her about 98 million euros because he misled her over a Moroccan development.
 “This cuts costs for the health-care system because it reduces both repeat blood tests and extra medication prescriptions.
 The project has become an important tool for libraries because it makes millions of books searchable by words and phrases, he said.
 “Google Books does not supersede or supplant books because it is not a tool to be used to read books,” the judge wrote.
 Writers also benefit because the scanning project could enhance the sales of books, he wrote.
 “I firmly believe that strengthening our education ties is a win-win for both of us, because I know that if you study at a British university and work for a while in Britain, when you do come back to India you’ll want to trade with Britain, you’ll want to invest in Britain, you’ll want to do business with Britain,” Cameron said in an interview with the Times of India newspaper published today.
 We don’t want to let folks renew the cancelled plans, both because it’s not clear the insurers can do this at this point, and because this will tend to keep healthier patients out of the market for the new plans.
 We don’t want to delay the individual mandate, because we end up with an insurance pool comprised of old and sick people who have been desperate to buy insurance, and rates go up next year.
 Film sales would add to Comcast’s on-demand service, which currently lets viewers rent movies, not own them, according to the person, who asked not to be named because the plan is private.
 The CFTC is working with the Fed on the rule because the central bank has a regulatory role, mandated by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, to oversee systemically important financial institutions such as the major U.
 CME’s Collateral Even the new credit line is less than the $14 billion exposure that CME Group has to its largest bank clearing member, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked to not be named because the details are private.
 Wolf-like animals may have been beneficial to humans when they hunted, and stayed near groups of roving hunters because scraps of food were easy to find, she said.
 “Whatever kind of wolf or ancient dog-like creature started spending time with people because they saw some benefit,” Parker said.
21 billion gallons set in the draft plan that was leaked, according to two people who participated in the meetings and would only speak on the condition of anonymity because the discussions were private.
 After spending more than $700 million last year on mobile photo-sharing site Instagram, Facebook offered about four times that amount to buy Snapchat, which people use to send photos that disappear in seconds, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussion was private.
 “The major market mover today was Fed commentary, and that was already visible in the open because we already knew what was in her prepared speech.
 They asked not to be named because the sale is private.
 “Your crimes in my estimation are made all the more heinous because they were all about money.
 According to the opinion by Chief Justice John Roberts in the Supreme Court’s Holder case, speech that is otherwise peaceful can count as material support for terror if it is coordinated with the terrorist organization, because terrorist organizations do not have some Chinese wall between their peaceful and violent activities.
 It held that because the failed trip to Yemen to join the jihad was sufficient evidence of conspiracy to materially support terrorism, it didn’t have to decide whether the translation taken on its own would have supported conviction.
 Samsung may provide a test case because they have shown a willingness to release products into the market to see if they gain favor with customers, he said.
 More Subdued Sotheby’s sale was more subdued than Christie’s because the material was less prized.
 Guerin, 66, inherited her father’s 43 percent stake in the company prior to his 2007 death, according to a person familiar with Shapell’s ownership who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Girlfriend, Assistant Guerin spends little time on day-to-day company activities, according to a former executive who asked not to be identified because the company is private.
 I think that’s why we appreciate everything we have today, because we worked so hard for it.
 The jump in mortgage rates significantly changed what buyers could afford because the state is a high-cost market, she said.
” Investor Concern Investors are getting concerned because the longer it takes to sell a home, the more it costs them, said Steve Turner, owner of Scottsdale, Arizona-based Coyote Capital Investments, which charges 18 percent for six-month loans to buyers of investment properties.
” Stumpf, the Sacramento real estate agent who represents Imgarten, said demand slowed because institutional investors bid up prices and then pulled away.
" Facebook is not "trending" because it is so huge that everybody's parents are on it.
, are betting they can still make 10 percent or more a year for the next several years -- if they can get the government to allow distributions, according to more than half a dozen investors and hedge-fund managers, who asked not to be identified because the funds are private.
 A cut “in the coming weeks” remains likely because market liquidity will be tight when the 14-day reverse repurchase contracts mature, they said.
 “Pretty much everything across the board denominated in dollars is going up in price because the dollar is coming down.
, because exports only make up 26 percent of GDP unlike some other countries in Asia-Pacific.
 “We’re going to demonstrate again and again this is not a man who can be honest, because if he is honest his campaign is over.
 The change is being made because Cigna Corp.
 ABB, based in Zurich, may announce a deal as soon as tomorrow, said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Christian Democrat members of parliament opposed the move because Germany then would be liable for more than the 211 billon euros originally approved, prompting Merkel to drop the plan, BamS said, citing parliament members it didn’t name.
 “This one I think comes out on the top because just the fact that we played almost six hours is incredible,” Djokovic said after thanking reporters for staying late for his press conference.
 ABB, based in Zurich and the world’s largest provider of power-transmission gear, may announce a deal as soon as today, said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 The bank’s partners decided on the sale because clients were withdrawing funds over the last weeks, the newspaper said, citing unidentified bankers.
 Paladino said he could achieve the changes because his largely self-financed campaign owes no favors to special interests.
 “It’s a shock, not so much that China raised rates, but the timing,” because many economists expected the rate increase next year, said Dale Durchholz , the senior analyst for AgriVisor LLC in Bloomington, Illinois.
 5, even after suspending sales for two months because investors demanded higher yields than the government was willing to offer.
 Cablevision Alternatives Media companies have leverage in the negotiations because there are more pay-TV alternatives, said Eagan.
 While the SNB’s new inflation outlook hasn’t stopped the franc climbing to a record against the dollar, the euro’s exchange rate matters more to policy makers because 55 percent of Swiss exports go to the currency bloc.
 counterpart, because Chinese property prices risk falling and hurting Australian banks, HSBC Holdings Plc said.
 Mariner will keep its nine-member management committee and add two non-voting, observing members from Orix, said a person briefed on the plans who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 “The status quo will be maintained because economies are moving in different directions.
 He opposed the final health-care bill in 2010 because he said it would create too much uncertainty for business during the recession.
 15 that new stimulus may be warranted because inflation is too low and unemployment is too high.
 “Certainly it would be very unfair if local managers are asked to adapt regulation meant for European managers just because we take money from Europe ,” said Christophe Lee, Hong Kong-based managing director at FrontPoint Partners LLC, the Morgan Stanley hedge-fund unit.
” Japanese companies and individuals are unwilling to invest because the growing public debt burden and aging population mean the outlook is bleak and taxes will have to increase, according to Hirano.
” As for China, the former BOJ official said the government’s biggest concern is inflation because lower-income households are most affected by higher prices and that risks sparking social unrest.
 by equity analyst Cory Kasimov and given a 12-month price target of $11 after the company canceled a quarterly-update conference call because U.
 It said Hansen could be a candidate because it has an attractive asset growth profile.
 It might lead to lower demand because these refineries are not asking for crude.
 “Everything was about getting the judgments entered because we have to report back to the banks,” Kapusta said.
 “I thought I would share this concern with you because I believe history will judge us harshly if our collective efforts toward exiting the crisis were to be frustrated by short-sighted individual rent-seeking.
 hired five lenders to sell $500 million of dollar bonds, a person familiar with the matter said yesterday, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 The demand was “a function of having a track record in the market and being such a big company, and probably because they are in a critical industry where it is easy to understand that they are going to grow,” said EM Capital’s Freeman, who declined to say how much he manages.
 New crackers in China will have an increased impact on prices next year because producers are currently running units below capacity, according to Yim and Srisuk.
 If it seems like there’s a lot of money sloshing around the Chinese economy, that’s because there is.
 Beltone is listed on the Egyptian Exchange, though its shares don’t trade because they are held by a limited number of investors.
 “There is a huge demand, because you have different categories of investors who would be interested,” he said.
 The government is comfortable with a rate between 43 and 45 per dollar, a Finance Ministry official with direct knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the issue is sensitive, said.
7 billion, according to a person familiar with the deal, who declined to be identified because the agreement was confidential.
 The company is scheduled to halt the entire plant for inspections and repairs for about six weeks at the end of August, the people said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The Seongnam-based company hired five banks to help it sell notes, the person said, declining to name the banks and asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The notes may yield 13 percent, the person said, asking not to be identified because details are private.
 and Morgan Stanley are underwriting the benchmark offering, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Bernanke said last week that additional stimulus may be warranted because inflation is too low and unemployment too high.
 ’s potential losses from faulty mortgages aren’t large because the firm played a small role in originating and packaging such loans, Chief Financial Officer David Viniar said.
 Goldman Sachs’s potential losses from faulty mortgages aren’t large because the firm played a minor role in creating such loans as well as in packaging them into securities, Viniar told analysts today.
html Cavotec MSL Holdings Ltd , a maker of mobile power supplies that trades on New Zealand’s stock exchange, may seek a second listing on a Nordic exchange because trading volumes in the local market are too low.
 is unlikely to face a Greek-style “bond vigilante” attack on its debt because the pound trades freely and British investors own 75 percent of the gilt market, Nomura International Plc said.
 The Paris-based company is asking lenders to make proposals for a so-called staple financing that could be used to fund a Conforama LBO by private-equity firms, said the people, who didn’t want to be identified because the talks are confidential.
 CEZ, which was supposed to submit detailed technical documentation to Westinghouse, Areva and Atomstroyexport this month, will not do so until 2011 because both the Czech power company and the bidders needed more time to fine-tune their proposals, Bartuska said.
 In an interview yesterday, Anderson said the NFL may suspend even first-time offenders for dangerous hits, because fines have proven insufficient as a deterrent.
 “Though the higher tax rate could weigh on investment in Brazilian securities to some extent, I don’t think it will spur cancellations or lead to a decrease in the number of new funds being launched because yields are still high,” Kato said.
 The most-active contract has gained 13 percent this month, partly because the U.
 The lack of benefit in today’s findings may be because the women took a supplement rather than obtained the nutrient from natural sources, she said.
 The average dealer makes more money from parts and service than selling new cars because the business has higher profit margins, Stephen Spivey , a senior auto analyst at Frost & Sullivan Inc.
 “Considering that the European Union has raised excise duties from around 64 to 90 euros per 1,000 cigarettes, giving countries in our region until 2017 to adjust, it’s a great opportunity for us to adjust too, because Serbia has the lowest cigarette prices and taxes in Europe,” Dragutinovic said.
 It might lead to lower demand because these refineries are not asking for crude.
 That term will have to be defined before position limits are set on farm goods because other commodities that fall outside the definition will need limits earlier, Don Heitman of the CFTC’s market oversight division, told the commission.
 “They say it’s due to the rise in the short European money market rates and not because there has been an outflow of currency.
 “This can really affect Korea’s trade and economy because we are so tightly connected with them,” said Yun Se Min , a Seoul-based currency trader at Busan Bank.
 Al- Kidd says the government classified him as a material witness because it lacked enough evidence to hold him as a suspect.
 Cheung Kong Infrastructure, which has studied the asset and expressed initial interest, decided it probably won’t make a formal bid, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “We offered employees so many shares because we thought that if the company today is what it is, it is because of the employees,” Bhattacharyya said.
 “All the regulators are obviously talking to each other because there are different pieces here and different areas of expertise and responsibility,” Schapiro said.
 Bernanke said last week that additional monetary stimulus may be warranted because inflation is too low and unemployment is too high.
 Longer-maturity bonds will lag behind their shorter counterparts because the Fed purchases will raise inflation concern, David Woo and Priya Misra at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in New York wrote in a report.
 Fees earned for managing clients’ investments dropped 3 percent to $213 million because a higher proportion of assets were in lower-fee vehicles, such as bonds.
html The euro is unlikely to climb much further because a stronger currency will reopen divisions between nations and put political pressure on the European Central Bank, according to JPMorgan Asset Management.
 Monitor Inflows Sri Lanka will watch inflows “carefully” as the rupee has a “tendency” to appreciate because the dollar has weakened, Cabraal said.
6 billion commercial-mortgage backed bond issued by GS Mortgage Securities Trust, used as a market barometer because it trades frequently, pays 279 basis points more than the benchmark swap rate, down from 500 basis points at the end of 2009, according to RBS Securities Inc.
 Apotex said it should pay only 40 percent of sales, because Sanofi had marketed an authorized generic version of the drug.
html Thai companies should set up manufacturing bases overseas because the period when they sold goods cheaply on the back of a weak currency is over, Finance Minister Korn Chatikavanij said.
 Cheung Kong Infrastructure, which has studied the asset and expressed initial interest, decided it probably won’t make a formal bid, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 real estate investment trust, said in May that it was looking for a partner for the 690,000 square-foot (64,100 square-meter) tower, known as the Walkie-Talkie because of its shape, to reduce risk because no tenants had agreed to rent space.
 “The third-quarter results are less important than they’ve historically been because people are really waiting for the new CEO to find out what his views are on a number of issues, including the high-end operating systems,” said Andy Perkins , a London-based analyst at Societe Generale.
 “I think they have to revise the market-share target downward because after nine months they are clearly behind and would need a huge jump of 4 to 5 percentage points in the fourth quarter to reach that target,” said Michael Schroeder , a Helsinki-based analyst with FIM Bank.
 “It’s because the U.
 “We’re interested in very good ports because that allows manufacturers to bring down costs,” Thomas Dalsgaard, vice president for strategic planning and new business at Dong Energy A/S, said in an interview in London today.
 The two men came to the attention of investigators because they expressed a desire to attack the U.
” Ozzie won’t be replaced because the company has enough leaders in place, Ballmer said yesterday in an e-mail on the company’s website .
 The IPO, managed by Credit Suisse Group AG , Morgan Stanley and Troika Dialog, may start as early as this month, pending approval from regulators in London, two of the people said, declining to be identified because the information is private.
 “The bank performed better than expected because it reversed provisioning related to its corporate accounts,” Sofia El Boury, a banking analyst at Shuaa Capital PSC, said in a telephone interview.
 “The risk of a feed wheat event increases because crop could be ripe for a week or so before the machinery and the people get there to be able to take the crop off,” he said.
 “And then we have to start planning for next year because it will be here before we know it,” she said.
 They have must have decided to be tougher on inflation and stimulate savings, because otherwise there will be asset bubbles.
 China’s debt market is “basically closed” to global investors because investment quotas are all being used to buy equities, according to Pacific Investment Management Co.
 “It is likely to be cheaper offshore than onshore because you offer it to a more diversified group of investors so you are addressing a bigger demand,” ADB Treasurer Thierry de Longuemar said in an interview yesterday.
 26, and sat out the next two games because Ferguson said he was injured.
” MERS says it has the right to foreclose because the borrower grants the company legal title to the mortgage and it forecloses as agent for the promissory-note holder.
 The appeals court disagreed, saying MERS had no right to grant Ocwen the note because records showed it was still owned by BNC.
 Eagle probably will be spun off to AMR shareholders because of a lack of potential buyers, although a sale still is possible, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Sales were hurt last quarter because Juniper was unable to fulfill all its orders, CEO Johnson said on the call.
 , to the United Arab Emirates and Singapore because the price tag was too high, today’s statement said.
 3 because a report by the International Monetary Fund , European Central Bank and European Commission has been delayed.
 “I’m not happy because I would have liked to have run faster and I wanted to win the race,” Radcliffe told the British Broadcasting Corp.
5 million pounds would suggest because so few exchanges of its kind are for sale, said Ruben Lee, chief executive officer of Oxford Finance Group, a London- based company specializing in financial and commodity markets.
 Sitting on such commissions is important for Russian businessmen because it gives them access to political leaders and knowledge of economic decisions being made.
 ‘Can’t Force It’ Merkel rejected Greece leaving the euro area, saying that “we can’t force it, but I don’t believe in that in any case” because it would send a signal to financial markets that attacks on euro-area sovereigns can succeed.
 Netanyahu’s initial reaction was positive because the statement from the Quartet calls for negotiations without specifying preconditions, the official said.
 Billionaire investor George Soros said “something needs to be done” to safeguard Europe’s banks because Greece may be unable to avoid default.
 3 because a report by advisors has been delayed.
 Regulator BIPT had originally fined Belgacom 800,000 euros last year because the company neglected to correctly inform Internet clients of the ability to terminate subscriptions free of charge when announcing price increases.
” He denied a report in the newspaper yesterday that the Finance Ministry and French banks are working on a plan to recapitalize lenders with public money and said there is no need because the banks have adequate capital, Journal du Dimanche reported.
 Netanyahu’s initial reaction was positive because the statement from the so-called Mideast Quartet calls for negotiations without specifying preconditions, he said.
 “The Eurozone crisis is probably the biggest concern, primarily because people are very uncertain about what would happen if the euro broke up,” Liam Bailey , head of residential research, said by telephone.
 If some institutions feel pressure today, it is because they have done too little for too long, rather than because they are being asked to do too much, too soon.
 Shareholder payouts are increasing in Asia because there are fewer opportunities for executives to expand operations, said Louis Veilleux, a senior investment manager at Pictet Asset Management, which oversees about $130 billion in Geneva.
” Billionaire investor George Soros said “something needs to be done” to safeguard Europe ’s banks because Greece may be unable to avoid default.
 Germany, Europe’s largest economy, benefits from keeping the EU together because 43 percent of its goods, or about 416 billion euros, are sold within the region.
 3 because a report by the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank and European Commission has been delayed.
” Billionaire investor George Soros said “something needs to be done” to safeguard Europe ’s banks because Greece may be unable to avoid default.
” While Merkel confirmed that elevated blood pressure led to her rejection for the government job, she said she didn’t challenge it because she won a seat in December 1990 parliamentary elections, the first after East and West Germany reunited following the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
 Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer said in an interview with the newspaper that Dexia must continue to restructure itself because its model is problematic.
 Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer said in an interview with the Sunday newspaper that Dexia must continue to restructure itself because its model is problematic.
 He denied a report in the newspaper today that the Finance Ministry and French banks are working on a plan to recapitalize lenders with public money and said there is no need because the banks have adequate capital, Journal du Dimanche reported.
 Medvedev, 46, who succeeded Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as president in 2008 because the constitution forbids serving more than two consecutive terms, said yesterday he will back his predecessor’s second bid for the presidency and may take over the leadership of the government.
” The Russian delegation didn’t advocate any position on Greek debt during this week’s meetings because it is not a direct creditor, he said.
 “This is our basic need, not because this is an external obligation but because this is an internal, existential need.
 6 policy meeting, said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the information is confidential.
 The jets will start on shorter routes within Japan , because the first ones are overweight and not as fuel-efficient, Fujiki said.
 3 because a report by the IMF, ECB and European Commission has been delayed, German Deputy Finance Minister Joerg Asmussen said yesterday.
 On the effects of the European debt crisis in Brazil : “The effect in Brazil won’t be direct because Brazil has very little financial exposition to Europe and is not exposed to direct risk from the countries.
 Billionaire investor George Soros said “something needs to be done” to safeguard Europe’s banks because Greece may be unable to avoid default.
 Wang said consumer-price gains may moderate to about 5 percent in the fourth quarter because the slowing economy will crimp domestic demand.
 The trial was stopped early because the primary goal was met earlier than expected.
 France Telecom, the country’s largest phone company, may make a “minor” investment, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “There is some margin contraction because they are facing higher costs to retain customers,” Kelvin Ho, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Yuanta Securities Co.
 “The Treasury market is going to stay well bid despite whatever positive spin that comes from European meetings, because the problem in Europe is still not fixed,” Adrian Miller , a fixed-income strategist at GMP Securities LLC in New York, said in a telephone interview.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The tax report is “indirectly negative for Magyar Telekom because it hits end consumers who may cancel their internet, phone or mobile contracts,” Gergely Palffy, a Budapest-based analyst at KBC Groep NV (KBC) ’s KBC Securities unit, said in a telephone interview today.
 All but three of the 25 largest shareholders acquired stock at a higher price, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
” Home Capital focuses on the non-prime market because it can charge a higher premium for loans than most banks after doing more legwork on potential borrowers before approving home loans.
 (8058) at a premium of about $9 a barrel to benchmark Brent oil, said two traders who participate in the market, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Since then, creditors holding more than $3 billion in sewer warrants have argued the county’s action violated state law because Jefferson County does not currently have any debt that is labeled as bonds.
 Market Watchdog “The merger process probably will slow down because Unipol is going to have to protect itself from the eventual legal consequences after the acquisition,” Fabrizio Spagna, chairman of Milan-based Axia Financial Research.
 “That is completely impossible from that conversation -- because I uttered something like 10 words,” he said.
 Although, obviously, it’s not because you have auto insurance that you become a reckless driver.
 “Walker will look at the poor job performance and say it’s because the recalls caused a lot of economic uncertainty,” Franklin said.
 “I’m certainly glad that I had savings available to me because not everyone does.
 The cargo traded at a premium of $35 to $39 a ton to Middle East benchmark prices, the traders said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “McDonald’s is taking market share just because their restaurants are more up-to-date, more modern and cleaner” than competitors, Peter Saleh, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group in New York , said in an interview.
 Comparable-store sales are considered an indicator of a retailer’s growth because they include only older locations.
 He said the labor deals raise conflict-of-interest questions because the unions sit on the nine-member creditor committee.
 Integra is currently excluded because it lacks a local Russian listing.
 “The whole plan for the future is really not clear because the conditions for the recapitalization are not clear,” Alpha Bank General Manager Artemis Theodoridis said in a telephone interview.
, or Unipec, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “They’re going to have difficulty implementing the exit plan that they’ve outlined,” partly because lawmakers would oppose monetary tightening with the U.
 The Nevada senator opposes the renomination because Svinicki was not truthful during her 2007 confirmation hearing about her work on the Yucca project, Jentleson has said.
 “But it would be wrong to pretend that we all think everything is plain sailing at the moment because there is still a lot of economic uncertainty in Europe.
 (GS) Mayor Jamie Matthews said in an interview after the ceremony that taxpayers are protected because the 68,500-seat arena will be owned by the Santa Clara Stadium Authority, a city affiliate set up to arrange the loan and finance the work.
 We’re recovering slower than Europe and other - other Western countries because I think our policies for jobs and energy are just anemic with this White House.
 MCDONNELL: Well, I - I would - I would say it’s Romney policies that are going to make a difference, because he believes that the way you stimulate job creation is you get the - you get things out of the way like high taxes, high regulation, more litigation, and more unionization.
 HUNT: Governor, the reason I’m asking this, because as you know, your party does have a problem.
 I think that’s going to tighten up dramatically, because Hispanics in Virginia primarily are Catholic, so they’re pro- family, they’re pro-life.
 The state figures are subject to larger sampling errors because they come from smaller surveys, making the national figures more reliable, according to the government’s Bureau of Labor Statistics.
html Ethanol futures fell, capping a second weekly drop, as corn declined because planting is ahead of schedule for this time of year.
 In the 19th century, most Americans bought or built a home outright, or saved substantial nest eggs to make large down payments, because financial institutions either didn't lend to average homebuyers or did so on relatively stringent terms.
 “We are effectively encouraging people to buy bigger homes and take out debt because we are allowing them to deduct interest,” Rueben said.
 “It’s helping the state governments because they are not giving away as much as they were before in the mortgage interest deduction,” Albouy said.
 Details Remain Many of the details around how crowdfunding will work are unclear because the U.
” The legislation increases the likelihood that individuals will invest in startups and lose money because the companies are riskier, said Barbara Roper , director of investor protection at the Washington-based Consumer Federation of America .
 Rothschild is helping the private equity firm, based in Manama, to evaluate options for the company, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 It was too narrow because users could switch providers and continue to download and too broad because it could penalize customers whose children may inadvertently download material, he said.
 The Supreme Court referred her case yesterday back to the court that imposed the sentence and recommended she get the death penalty “with reprieve” because she confessed her crimes, according to a statement on the high court’s website.
 The company also reported for the first time that it was actively lobbying against the $500 billion in sequestration, automatic cuts to the defense budget set to begin in January because Congress and President Barack Obama failed to agree on ways to reduce the federal deficit.
 Perennial Crops Perennial crops, including fruit trees and vines that are not seeded every spring and grow on their own, have suffered the most damage because they start blooming when the temperatures rise.
 Todey said annual crops that are planted at the start of each season, such as corn, didn’t suffer much damage because crop insurance limits how early farmers can plant.
 It would be impossible to repeal the state’s Stand Your Ground law because Republicans control the Legislature, he said.
 The cargoes were purchased in a private tender last week, the traders said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
” Shareholders are protected if McClendon, Chesapeake’s 52- year-old co-founder and chairman, defaults because the company holds first liens, an overriding claim, to the oil and gas that flows from the wells he used for collateral, General Counsel Henry J.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 But it will finally go through because there are no rules or laws that either of the parties is violating.
 That’s because Brazilians often buy lines from multiple carriers to make cheaper calls, since companies charge more to connect users to their rivals’ customers.
” The person briefed on Blackstone’s plans asked not to be named because the information is private.
 The Westfield, New Jersey, resident had no luck using the airline’s website because it added a change fee that was supposed to be waived and an additional amount for the fare.
 The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates Kennedy, LaGuardia and Newark Liberty airports, faulted some airlines after at least six international flights were stuck on the tarmac at Kennedy with passengers aboard because they had no gates to use.
 South Korea, Indonesia, Mexico and Turkey are “growth economies” because they each account for about 1 percent of global gross domestic product, O’Neill said in an e-mailed report today from London.
 Harris’s proposal wasn’t feasible because municipal parking authority revenue is dedicated to repaying debt under covenants with bondholders, Kunka said yesterday.
 Violetta is moved because the girl looks like Alfredo, and it also reminds her of her younger self.
 “I don’t think people are rushing to sell stocks to lock in profits, because there are strong expectations that stocks will rise next year.
 That’s because the companies can defer federal income taxes by shifting profits into low-tax jurisdictions abroad, and then use foreign tax credits to shelter those earnings from U.
 Geithner to follow up on the issue with business leaders, according to a White House official who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private.
” That’s because the foreign profits cannot be used for such purposes as building domestic factories without triggering federal tax.
 “Fiat Industrial will get a higher value at the beginning because it has a bigger cash flow.
 “I may buy the auto stock because it is more speculative.
 The new fund will target “niche, top players” in their respective markets because it makes it easier to find buyers when the time comes to exit the investments, according to President Hideaki Fukazawa.
 “It’s difficult for the global funds to pitch their smaller investment ideas at their global investment committee meetings, because then you have to argue what makes the Japan deals more attractive than those you can find in places like China or India,” he said.
 “We are going to do our best next year because we shall increase in the number of listings.
 BJ’s hired Morgan Stanley to help sell the company, said two people last month, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
" He declines to specify how much capital was wasted, but one person with knowledge of the company's finances during those years, who spoke anonymously because the number was never formally disclosed, says Virgin America burned through more than $100 million of cash waiting to take off.
 There's a confluence of things working against these guys," said Fred Reid, Virgin America's first CEO, adding, "I'm hopeful because this is the right thing for air travelers.
” He said 172 people have been killed because they support Ouattara.
 This person requested anonymity because the meeting was private.
 Real estate mezzanine debt carries less risk than buyout mezzanine debt because it is backed by assets, and may generate “low to mid-teen” returns, said Keller, whose firm oversees 11.
 “I expect only larger asset managers can afford to enter the sector because it takes quite a bit of resources and expertise to be able to manage real estate debt well.
 The team will feature at least one change after fast bowler Ryan Harris yesterday was ruled out for 3 to 4 months because he needs surgery on an ankle stress fracture.
 The opposition wants the constitution changed because the current document provides too much power to the president, the newspaper said, citing Julius Mtatiro, acting deputy secretary- general of the CUF.
 OAO Lukoil will be the least hurt because it already makes high-grade fuels, she said.
 Emmert said he is concerned about the financial well-being of athletic departments, but not because his goal is to see them generate big profits or eliminate university subsidies.
 Such comparisons are unfair, Trump said, because smaller apartments without views command less per square foot.
 “I don’t have any problem financing because I self- finance,” he said.
 “The reason they want me is because I have the brand,” Trump said.
 The name was changed in 2009 because the program had no academic accreditation, Cohen said.
 “I got it built because they wanted Trump,” he said.
 Obamacare is also short for “Obama cares,” and because our president cares more about the nation than himself, he’s just the man to transform his defeat into our victory.
 “We expect the Swiss franc will remain strong, especially in the first half of 2011 because the euro crisis is likely to prevail,” Kubli said.
 Shipbroking revenue also came under pressure because most transactions are concluded in dollars and the currency declined against the British pound, Clarkson said.
 McMahon, who spent almost $100 million of her own money on Senate races in 2010 and this year, told supporters to make sure their representatives “are doing what we need, because they work for us.
 Snyder resisted because he wanted to concentrate on tax and regulatory changes and avoid a distracting fight with unions.
 The Madrid-based company may even cancel plans to spin off the assets, depending on its credit ratings , the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 “Credit card spending is the easiest portion of consumer spending to contain, because it’s revolving, and because many of those related expenses are discretionary,” Guy LeBas, chief fixed-income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC in Philadelphia, said before the report.
 said this week that it stopped production at its 28-year-old plant in South Bend, Indiana , because making the additive has become unprofitable.
 “The prospect of China being called a currency manipulator will not transpire because that will throw the whole spectrum of protectionism into the current problems that we already have facing the global economy,” Arjuna Mahendran , the Singapore- based head of Asia investment strategy at HSBC Private Bank , which oversees $409 billion, said in a telephone interview today.
 They won’t be part of sale-and-leaseback deals because that would be too costly for the state in the long term, the person said.
 and Moor Park Capital Partners for a batch of 26 buildings including the Barcelona stock market because the offer was too low.
 Apple, based in Cupertino, California, contended the ban should remain in place because the jury found the Galaxy Tab infringed other patents at issue in the case.
” Plain Differences The auto bailout issue helped Obama in Ohio because the differences between the candidates were so plain, and Romney never really had a good response, said Aaron Pickrell, a senior adviser for the president’s Ohio campaign.
 Economic Perspective Even so, Pickrell said Romney’s message that the economy has faltered under Obama didn’t resonate with Ohio voters because Governor John Kasich , a first-term Republican, said repeatedly in public appearances that the state’s economy was getting better.
 Freedman told the De Soles that an unnamed Swiss collector had bought the Rothko directly from the artist and because the collector died, Knoedler was selling it on behalf of the collector’s son, according to the complaint.
 The Greenwich resident also set a record for spending on a largely self-financed bid for office in Connecticut, where campaigns can be costly because the southwest part of the state is in the New York City media market, Moscardelli said.
 “It is our responsibility to charge them, to challenge them, to make sure they hear what we say, and to make sure they are doing what we need, because they work for us,” McMahon said in a concession speech regarding Democrats.
 “We’ll have more flooding because the dunes are gone,” said Mike Fagen, a city councilman.
 Maybe it was because the battery-powered stereo delivered Paul Simon sotto voce.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Foreign Secretary William Hague plans to say today that he has authorized British diplomats to have direct contact with military members of the Syrian opposition, according to a person familiar with his agenda who declined to be identified because the announcement isn't yet public.
 Scholars sometimes argue that China’s leaders excel at foreign affairs strategy because they take the long view, while Western politicians can’t do so because they are encumbered by elections and legislatures.
 Slow Construction Construction slowed after the disaster amid safety concerns and because the ministry was struggling to sell bonds to finance work.
 “I have an estimate of 120 percent year-on-year growth for net profit because the first half of 2011 was very weak.
 Dii favors Morocco for the first plant because the nation has a government that backs renewable energy, van Son said in October 2011.
 BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, and London- based Ashmore Group Plc (ASHM) own more than 50 percent of the notes, according to two people familiar with the restructuring, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Credit Suisse Group AG is arranging the five-year financing for the Australian iron ore producer and will also hold a conference call tomorrow to review the transaction, the person said, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The royalties bill has been stalled since 2009 because oil- producing states, especially Rio de Janeiro and Espirito Santo, have resisted demands from other states for a bigger share of the bonanza, arguing that the producing regions must be compensated for environmental risks and infrastructure costs.
 Investors should then oppose the bonus deal package in the following standalone vote because the proposals include substantial share awards, it said in a Nov.
48 percent of shareholders can block the deal because U.
 CSeries Watch Analysts have been tracking the CSeries closely because Bombardier wants the plane to challenge the smallest Boeing and Airbus narrow-body jets.
 Obama held together his base of support because he has done little to anger his supporters, even if they are less enthusiastic than four years ago, said Terry Madonna , a political science professor and director of the Franklin & Marshall College poll in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
” “Uh, because I saw on the news,” Kuo said, “that you and Todd are, uh, being investigated.
 “We believe the Keystone XL pipeline will be approved by the Americans because it is clearly in the U.
 Study results may be “conservative” because they exclude deforestation in parts of Ethiopia and South Sudan as well as potential pest and disease issues, Kew said.
 “We may have battled fiercely, but it’s only because we love this country deeply, and we care so strongly about its future,” Obama said in his victory speech to a crowd that roared its approval.
 “It is constraining because you need to do this over the phone, through a taxi shipping things,” Karim Saade said by telephone from the Lebanese capital.
” War or no war, marketing a wine from Syria is tough because the country is not known for producing the drink, said Detlef Rick , a German wine importer.
 The measure’s online speech regulations are overly broad and violate the First Amendment, both because they prohibit anonymous speech and because the reporting requirements burden all sorts of online speech, even when the speaker is using his own real name as a screen name, they said.
 At no point, however, did the civic authorities try to sell it off because it was too expensive to insure, and because they could use the cash for other purposes.
 The ECB’s bond-purchasing plan is “a last resort at best” and should be ended as quickly as possible because it blurs the line between monetary and fiscal policy, the German advisers said.
3 billion) of borrowing, the people said, asking not to be identified because the matter is private.
25 percent, because it already took into account the lower primary surplus announced by the government yesterday.
5 percent inflation target because wholesale prices are already dropping.
 Clayton Dubilier & Rice Fund IX LP is expected to officially come to market next year, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 “It is becoming increasingly difficult to find something new in the outlook for the coming months because both the political and economic mood, which is colored by the same negative issues.
 Shares Outstanding Executives felt no similar duty to report the girl’s subsequent death, Aberman said, because she died after having been released from the hospital and lived for 180 days after receiving the treatment, which is considered a success, he said.
 Look for one immediate major legislative victory and bend all efforts to get it, because your credibility as a change agent will depend on it.
 “We can live without the NYSE and we can live without Citigroup, because their competitors will quickly fill the gap,” Angel said by e-mail.
 “We can’t live without DTCC because there is no substitute.
 Yet the state has a strong two-party system because the Iowa caucuses that begin the presidential nomination process attract so much attention every four years.
 They both asked not to be named because the information is private.
 His plan for revenue growth risks eclipsing a push for profitability because it incentivizes managers to seek revenue over returns, said investors including Christoph Niesel, a fund manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt .
 “He now, because he got re-elected, has the ability and the liberty to implement his health-care bill, which was driven about making sure health care is affordable and accessible to middle-class families,” said Emanuel, 52, who took office as mayor of the third-most populous U.
 He and his wife Jessica borrowed a generator to pump water out of the basement because local stores were out of stock.
 In the process, they undermine democratic accountability, because voters are left to judge the rule of a majority party based on the undesirable outcomes created by a filibustering minority.
 ‘Big Moment’ “It was a big moment for me because I was hoping to do well, increase my ranking, because I knew every match I could win possibly in the round robin stages could really help my ranking down the stretch,” Federer said.
 “You see many more proactive cancellations because the carriers understand the economics of doing so.
 “I understand that Governor Romney has had a tough time here in Ohio because he was against saving the auto industry,” Obama told the crowd.
 “I don’t blame Obama for that because anyone after Bush would have had the same situation,” said Wright, who cast her first vote for Bill Clinton and has always supported Democrats.
 Chamakh’s Choice Arsenal striker Marouane Chamakh may push for a return to former club Bordeaux in January because his opportunities have been limited with the Gunners, the Daily Mirror reported .
html South African sugar-cane millers may miss out on government contracts to produce clean energy because bagasse, a by-product from the industry, isn’t regarded as renewable, according to Remgro Ltd.
 Knapp’s Plays Knapp said that while he “would not be tempted to add risk” in economically-sensitive companies, he would buy stocks with high dividends if they fall on concern that capital-gains tax will increase because the Fed would probably respond to a slowdown created by higher taxes.
 because we expect our trading volumes with U.
 I bring up McMahon because in that defeat is the huge challenge facing Republicans.
 Seriously: Republicans got to liking Romney over the course of the race, more than they thought they would, because he fought the good fight against Obama.
 I think he harmed himself pretty badly with Republicans nationally -- not because he said kind words about Obama’s handling of Hurricane Sandy, but because he was so fulsome, because he didn’t take any opportunity to loudly reiterate his support for Romney and because he talked about crying after his hero Springsteen talked to him on the phone.
 “It is hard to say what the impacts to the area are going to be because all the dunes have been washed away and new inlets have been created.
 The mountains in New York to New Hampshire may get as much as 6 inches of snow, though the storm probably won’t signal an early start to the ski season because temperatures will rise this weekend, melting it away, Walker said.
 It also follows that a state’s revenue-maximizing tax rate will decline over time because people are able to overcome the non-tax barriers to finding cheaper places to live.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Our policies are our policies now and I would be surprised if they change,” NCAA spokesman Erik Christianson said in an e-mail that the state legalization “does not impact the NCAA drug-testing rules because the ban and testing policies are not tied to whether a substance is legal for general population use, but rather whether the substance is considered a threat to student- athletes’ health and safety or the integrity of the game.
 “The sooner it can be clarified, it’ll be beneficial not just because we avoid the cliff itself, but because we clarify for firms” how it will be resolved, he said.
 Buyer’s Remorse “I call this the buyer’s remorse race, because McCrory ran in 2008, and he narrowly lost to Beverly Perdue, who was so unpopular she couldn’t even run for re-election,” Duffy said.
 Mexico is making the right decision in renewing the flexible credit line, or FCL, because it shows investors the nation is acting responsibly, UBS’s de la Fuente said.
 Joost Akkermans, a spokesman for Amsterdam-based Philips, declined to comment because the investigation is ongoing.
 won’t be fined because it was the first to inform regulators of the cartel, two people said.
 But it wasn't enough, partly because Obama got so far to the right on the issue himself.
 McMahon, who spent almost $100 million of her own money on her Senate races in 2010 and this year, told supporters to make sure their representatives “are doing what we need because they work for us.
 Harmony was least affected by strikes at South Africa’s largest producers also because the company has a different pay structure, Briggs told investors on a call.
 While the nation already has started to issue permits under a provision to give them at no cost to companies that can show they are exposed to global competition, Australia’s cap-and-trade system isn’t scheduled to start until 2015, and the program’s future is in doubt because the Liberal party has pledged to discontinue it if it wins elections set for next year.
 Security Concerns Concerns about security are among the biggest hurdles to the purchase of Israel Chemicals, according to a senior government official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the acquisition is still being discussed.
” Jordan is a concern for Israel because most of its 6.
1 million) in Belgium because it said it purchased elevators and escalators for EU buildings at increased prices.
 Barbara Schmidhauser, a spokeswoman for Hergiswil, Switzerland-based Schindler, declined to comment because the company was still analyzing the ruling.
 “This certainly has to take the edge off anyone who was thinking of possible rate cuts because inflation is quite a bit higher than we thought.
 Mantega said Obama had handled “relatively well” the most acute phase of the economic crisis early in his first term and “isn’t doing better because the U.
 The role positions Lee as a potential successor for Conway as investment chief, said a person familiar with the firm, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 “Florida is a microcosm of the nation, and people look at Florida because we have the evolving demographics, and we have the ability to swing the 2016 presidential campaign,” said Kevin Cate, a Democratic consultant who was the Florida spokesman for President Barack Obama ’s 2008 campaign.
 Attorney General Bill Baer, head of the Justice Department’s antitrust division, said when the lawsuit was filed that “We’re in court today because we think a full-stop injunction is the right outcome for consumers.
8 percent on speculation that legislative work on the fix, known as backloading because it delays sales of some permits, will accelerate.
 Swiss politicians grapple with UBS, Credit Suisse Once against it has dawned on the political leaders of Switzerland that the collapse of UBS or Credit Suisse could cripple their country, because the banks are so large and the nation is so small.
 Blackstone is investing about $400 million in SCP, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “It’s a shame because we took the game to them.
 The difficulties moving the crop may “get worse before it gets better” because cold weather and snow can disrupt rail service, Collin Hulse, a senior risk-management consultant for INTL FCStone, said today in a presentation in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 States audit employers because it is easier and more efficient than scrutinizing employees, especially those who haven’t been in a state for long.
 The power glut is poised to widen because utilities plan to add 9,397 megawatts of mainly coal and gas-fired plants by 2015, including two units at RWE AG (RWE) ’s 1,530-megawatt Hamm plant next year, grid-regulator data show.
 Daniel Lennington, a lawyer for the state, said in his opening statements that that “just because a person currently is not in possession of a valid form of identification does not mean that they will never ever be able to get a qualified ID.
 Dubai’s decision to increase property-sale fees to 4 percent will have little effect on sales because the rate is still below countries in Europe and Asia , Sajwani said.
 The IPO is already several times oversubscribed at $25 a share, the high end of the range, said the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 We should see a renewed downward focus on the euro against sterling because people are starting to think about the growth divergence.
 Orr said it wasn’t different because he also told people at the meeting that all creditors of the city, including employees and retirees, must be prepared to accept cuts.
 Orr testified that the bankruptcy was necessary partly because the unions refused to negotiate with him over possible cuts to retiree pension and health insurance benefits.
 “Florida is a microcosm of the nation, and people look at Florida because we have the evolving demographics, and we have the ability to swing the 2016 presidential campaign,” said Kevin Cate, a Democratic consultant who was the Florida spokesman for President Barack Obama ’s 2008 campaign.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Now, however, the wind seems to have changed because the U.
 “I did say publicly that I did not expect us, this is my personal view, that I would have a hard time personally supporting cutting back at this last meeting we had because there was so much uncertainty,” Fisher, 64, said today.
 The Obama administration has avoided describing the coup as a coup, precisely because U.
 soft-pedaled its response to the Egyptian president’s illegitimate seizure of constitutional powers in late 2012 because he had just helped to broker a cease-fire between Hamas and Israel .
7 trillion municipal bond market because more than three-quarters of U.
 Analysts and investors follow changes in speculators’ positions because such transactions can reflect an expectation of a change in prices.
 “IPOs don’t directly impact early stage VC because there is often a six- to eight-year lag between investing and realization,” said Wong, whose Palo Alto, California-based firm was an early Facebook backer.
 “Sapphire substrates are suitable for covering lenses, buttons and displays because they are transparent, yet more scratch-resistant than glass,” IHS said.
 New agencies, my father pointed out, have a built-in advantage not merely because they have not yet developed years of “this is how we do it” cultural barriers, but also because new agencies get to pick all of their people.
 My favorite came from a doctor in a prestigious department at a state hospital whose secretary threw out most of his mail, including all of the invitations, because answering it was too much work.
 He ended up getting his wife to come into the office and act as his unpaid secretary, because firing or replacing the secretary was way too much trouble.
, China’s third-largest copper producer, said the people, asking not to be named because the details are confidential.
 The deal can’t be approved because it inconsistently compensates victims with the same types of economic injuries, opponents of the settlement told the U.
" But also not anyone who believes the vivid and occasionally hilarious picture of SAC that the government has painted with all its substantials and pervasives and stories of how SAC hired people because they had Hamptons share houses with corporate chief financial officers.
 The government is having too much fun to stop this case just because it has recovered X dollars, for any X.
 No Danger “They don’t want to admit that people in the free market are right because they would have to give up government planning and government power and give up their wars and give up the welfare state,” Paul said.
 “Thank God we got so many stupid people that don’t understand the value of gold because that means that people who do understand are able to buy it at a low price,” Schiff said into the microphone.
 “The sooner the Chinese do this the sooner we can start fixing our economy, because the longer they wait, the bigger our problems get.
 Ellen from New York asked whether to save pennies minted prior to 1982 because the copper is worth more than one cent.
 Deutsche Bank said in December that Fitschen is a subject of the investigation because he signed its tax declarations.
 “In Europe people thought we were crazy because they say Japan is just a big graveyard for a Western gaming company,” Paananen said Oct.
 Some of Thaksin’s supporters, known as the Red Shirts , have also criticized the law because it would protect politicians who ordered a crackdown on demonstrators in 2010.
 “I’m skeptical about the amount of business the senior debt funds are likely to do because interest-rate margins have come down,” Newsom said.
 A federal appeals court upheld the accord as a legitimate type of agreement in which the class members receive an indirect benefit rather than money, often because the payments would be so small as to be impractical.
 We may never know whether employers are dropping insurance in response to the Affordable Care Act; the number is inherently hard to measure, because employers add or drop insurance for their own reasons all the time.
 “I’d expect a slightly stronger market because tapering has been pushed out,” Rai said.
” Grainger’s shares are commanding a premium from investors because sales are growing faster than the market, said Brandon Geisler, a fund manager with Marsico Capital Management LLC in Denver, who owns the stock.
 on a portfolio review, which is at a relatively early stage, said two of the people, all of whom asked not to be named because the process is confidential.
2 billion) Race Bank venture off eastern England may be axed because government support for offshore wind is too low.
 And it’s partly because McDonnell, unlike Cuccinelli (or Romney), responded to the attacks with his own effective ads.
 Cuccinelli may have hesitated because polls have shown him losing a significant number of votes to a third-party candidate running as a pro-choice libertarian.
 “Any impact of the government shutdown, and the perception that voters blame Republicans more than Democrats for it, is magnified because such a large proportion of the federal workforce lives in Virginia.
 Today’s talks were “good” and focused on structural reforms and banks, a Greek Finance Ministry official said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the discussions are ongoing.
 Most don’t wear hearing aids - - not because they don’t need them but because they buy into the stigma that hearing loss is for the elderly.
 “We should see a renewed downward focus on the euro against sterling because people are starting to think about the growth divergence.
 “Probably I was a little bit unlucky in this, because in the past the tournament was held outdoors.
 RPC, based in London , said the rise in claims is because it is more than five years since the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 The notes allow companies to reduce the risk of being downgraded after issuing debt because ratings companies typically count 50 percent of the securities as equity.
 “From a historical perspective, companies are not paying much more to issue hybrid bonds now than they did in the past to do senior bonds, because yields have fallen so much.
 The museums which owned the art before World War II have no legal recourse to claim the works because a Nazi law allowing their seizure without compensation has never been repealed.
 Iran burns off the gas produced alongside oil because it lacks the infrastructure to process and transport it to markets.
 “It’s significant because it relates to Samsung, the client with the biggest potential in such rights.
 ``I support the restructuring and public listing plans of Agricultural Bank and China Development, and I'm very confident about China's commercial banks because they boast great returns and have strong supervisory structures in place.
 A sovereign-wealth fund is under contract to make the acquisition, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deal is private.
 That’s because everyone’s clinging to their job like a deranged limpet: So even though layoffs have actually been pretty steady, except for a small spike in early 2009, we have a high unemployment rate, because labor market churn has basically stopped.
 An appreciation of crowd wisdom suggests that social networks hold special potential, because they can aggregate diverse views with astonishing speed.
” A military government in Egypt may provide the best outcome for TransGlobe because it creates stability, Currie said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 ‘Moderately Negative’ “Most of the losses have come because the distortion is coming out,” Rieder said.
 India’s slump is worse than elsewhere in Asia because the country has failed to carry out long-overdue structural changes to the economy, said Pan at Kotak Mahindra Bank.
 In reality, the bill will probably be higher, because the range of people considered to be at high risk will widen with time.
 Medicare and private insurers will have no choice but to pay, because the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act mandates that they fully cover all services the task force highly recommends.
 And because the technology scans the whole chest, it can also pick up signs of other health conditions such as emphysema and heart disease.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 This share may not rise much more because many institutional investors have limits on how much unrated debt they can hold, Fitch said.
 “The market continues to be set adrift because people are uncertain as to what the rules of engagement will be,” said Tom Tucci, managing director and head of Treasury trading in New York at CIBC World Markets Corp.
 Their attacks on Israeli and Egyptian targets have had economic as well as military consequences because the area is home to Red Sea resorts and is a transit route for gas.
 “It’s evident the Israelis don’t want a sudden cut in military aid to Egypt, because this will immediately affect its commitment to the peace treaty,” Nafaa said.
 Economic Cost While Israel is not mounting a campaign on Egypt’s behalf, its diplomats say the military is the only responsible actor that can restore order, according to an Israeli government official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment publicly.
 It is on this goal that Egypt’s liberals should focus -- because the rights and freedoms they cherish and deserve cannot take root amid a brutal military crackdown.
 The Chittagong water and sanitation project that’s about two years from completion was undertaken because the Bay of Bengal city of 5 million suffers from inadequate water production, “only able to cater to 40 percent of the total estimated demand,” the bank said in a statement.
 The state figures are subject to larger sampling errors because they come from smaller surveys, thus making the national figures more reliable, according to the government’s Bureau of Labor Statistics.
 Kenya oil exports are “a very bullish idea, because Turkana is one of the least developed parts of Kenya,” Clare Allenson, an analyst at Eurasia Group, said in a phone interview.
 “The fact that we’re fighting the Brotherhood doesn’t mean we’ll allow the return of the Mubarak regime, simply because both regimes are two sides of the same coin,” said Islam Hammam, a leader of the Tamarod group.
 Talks on the details of the debt restructuring are continuing between the bank, known as BNDES, and Rio de Janeiro-based LLX, and no formal deal has been reached, the person said, asking not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 Prosecutors said in a reply that the request to preserve such evidence is “moot” and unnecessary because they agreed in earlier proceedings to preserve any facilities that existed as of April 2009 and would provide notice to the defense of any change in that plan.
 Sending Signal The recommendation “sends a signal to elected officials in all 50 states that laws need to be clarified to ensure that hotels are not placed at a competitive disadvantage” because identical transactions by online companies have a different tax treatment, said Katherine Lugar, president and chief executive officer of the American Hotel & Lodging Association.
 “Any food safety risk to Chinese consumers is negligible because the quantities of lactoferrin used in consumer products was very small, meaning the nitrate levels in those products would easily be within acceptable levels.
 “ Food safety is not the issue in this instance because lactoferrin is used as a very minor ingredient in food products.
 “The Austrian prefers to keep hold of what he has, because if anything changes, it could get worse.
 “The good news is that we suspect the second-quarter current-account deficit represents the peak, albeit because deteriorating domestic demand depresses imports further.
 Atlantic storms are followed closely by energy companies and commodities traders because they can disrupt natural gas and oil production and processing and destroy crops.
 Cigna’s Finley said the policy was put into effect because the breast, colon and heart gene tests “are commonly performed, they have big consequences and they are frequently misunderstood.
 ‘Same Coin’ “The fact that we’re fighting the Brotherhood doesn’t mean we’ll allow the return of the Mubarak regime, simply because both regimes are two sides of the same coin,” said Islam Hammam, a leader of the Tamarod group.
 Local Roads for the Data Superhighway: Networks in emerging markets can be especially slow and expensive because they're not designed efficiently.
 13 after temporarily halting the process in July because all three competitors exceeded the 8.
 Oil also slid because demand from U.
 Atherton says one reason that he keeps opening restaurants is because he has many long-serving chefs working for him who want a place of their own.
 This supports the view that interest rates are rising because the U.
 Meanwhile, the Financial Times reports today that investors are putting more money into the lowest-rated bonds precisely because they want to take advantage of those bonds' shorter duration.
 Treasury bonds were going up because traders were worried that the Fed would tighten policy while the economy still is weak.
 CVC plans to fund the deal with 305 million euros of loans, including 275 million euros of debt that will be drawn for the acquisition, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the financing is private.
 13, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 This year’s talks “should have less of an impact now on the economy and markets, partly because the last couple of experiences have taught us that it will get done,” Sharif said.
 15 that “delaying or watering down” the sales tax plan would be “credit negative” because the government has yet to unveil significant steps to reduce its deficits.
 The “massive” net-long position spurred market concerns because demand may ebb heading into the fourth quarter, Henderson said.
 It’s called self-anchoring because the cables fasten to the bridge deck rather than to hefty piers.
 It was selected, according to Marwan Nader, the lead design engineer for the joint venture, for the unique challenges it presented to engineers and because it was thought to echo the look of the famous local suspension bridges.
 Q : Isn't this conversation about cutting off American aid mostly meaningless, because the Egyptian military's friends in the Arab world will more than make up the difference.
 Investors are becoming more bullish because construction has slumped 61 percent from its 2009 peak and demolition of obsolete vessels is near a record.
) Detroit ’s $18 billion bankruptcy should be dismissed because it violates the Michigan and U.
 products because they might help China spy.
 A sovereign-wealth fund is under contract to acquire the interest, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the transaction is private.
 Then the Nazis arrived in Austria and she was suddenly nobody, deprived even of her walks in the public garden because Jews were not allowed to rest up a little on benches that were reserved exclusively for fat Nazi arschen.
 Earlier Proposal That deal, proposed in May, was rejected two months later by the commission because it was too lenient, two people with knowledge of the matter said at the time.
, which is driving soybean oil prices up, will have a positive spillover effect on palm oil prices because soybean oil is a close substitute to palm oil,” said Sim Han Qiang, an analyst at Phillip Futures Pte.
 “Investors and traders need to be cognizant of what the ETFs are doing because they can affect pricing, sentiment, and flows.
 “I’m not so concerned about the trade deficit because energy prices will fall sooner or later and export volumes will rise as the global economy improves.
 The world athletics federation, IAAF, later asked Green-Tregaro to remove the paint because it violated a rule about making no political statements during competition.
 “If we will allow to promote and, you know, do all this stuff on the street, we very afraid about our nations because we consider ourself like a normal, standard people which is lives with the boys with womans, womans with boys, you know, everything must be fine here, it comes from the history.
 I’m reminded of the experience not just because Zhu is back in the news with a new book of speeches, letters and commentaries.
 Or because Summers may soon be named Federal Reserve chairman, just as Zhu once ran China’s central bank.
 It comes to mind because the economic challenges China faced in 1998 are eerily similar to those it faces today.
 9, said two people with knowledge of the loading program, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 bought 1 million barrels each of Nigerian Qua Iboe and Equatorial Guinea ’s Zafiro crude grades through a second tender for October loading, two traders with knowledge of the matter said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Analysts and investors follow changes in speculators’ positions because such transactions can reflect an expectation of a change in prices.
 Oil also slid because demand from U.
, we have plenty of supply because the driving season is coming to an end.
 The sale came after three other issuers in the state -- Genesee County, Battle Creek and Saginaw County -- postponed offerings that followed Detroit’s bankruptcy because rates were too high.
 Pena Nieto’s energy bill poses a risk for the nation because it removes control from the state, he said.
 Banks can suppress rates because yields on savings accounts are lower, said Lazari, who’s also a deputy director at Bradesco.
 The potential for more lending remains, because mortgages represent just 7.
 Confidence in banks was low because portfolios were opaque, capital was scarce and job losses were rising as the economy succumbed to the worst recession since the Great Depression.
 20 because it lacked sufficient liability coverage in the wake of the disaster in Lac-Megantic.
 “I think he will, but I am not sure because he is a judge.
 Ahmed Bin Sulayem, chairman of the Dubai Multi Commodities Centre, said the Persian Gulf business hub can still attract tenants and investors with such a project because many of its buildings are unsuitable for large businesses.
 Almost 65 percent of the space that’s being completed through 2015 will have that ownership structure, which large tenants find unattractive because they have to deal with several owners with different rent demands and standards for maintaining the property, he said.
 Many people think that bread goes stale because it loses moisture, producing that horrible, cottony texture that we've all come to know and regret in our homemade or bakery-fresh loaves.
 and Royal Bank of Canada to find buyers, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the effort is private.
 All of this increases the attractiveness of single-issue parties because they are more easily understood.
 Democracy is changing also because its representative version is weakening, while the empty space is filled by new forms of activism and expression such as plebiscites, whether through referenda or poll taking.
 Citizens feel less like stakeholders in the state because they feel their vote no longer has any real impact on outcomes, while their tangible gains from the system become less certain.
 That’s important because it means people are not helpless, even if they are frustrated.
 “Obama has fulfilled some promises, not fulfilled many others, either because Congress made it impossible or they decided on their own not to change,” says Morton Halperin, a longtime liberal national security expert who is a senior adviser to the Open Society Foundations.
 “One, I got lucky because it was a two-shot penalty; two, I got lucky because they told me before I signed my score card,” Johnson, wearing the champion’s red plaid jacket, said in a news conference.
 Pakistan remains an important nation in the region because it has nuclear weapons, Panetta said.
 The former premier said he disagreed with the proposal because he had been assured by plant manager Masao Yoshida that more could be done to control the mounting crisis.
” Kan said at today’s hearing that he was concerned about a meltdown at the station because it housed six separate reactor units and seven spent fuel pools.
 The reserve requirement cut is “positive for the banking sector because it will increase liquidity,” said Mona Mansour , co-head of research at CI Capital.
 “You lose your time, because you have to give time to the sponsors,” said Li.
 “I used to look at Serena Williams and Maria and I was like ‘Wow, they are stars’ because they both had huge big sponsors,” Li said.
 “Erdogan is quite happy with the current leadership of the Turkish military because they were effectively chosen by him,” Hakura said.
 “It’s bit a surprising to see so much on the long side, because the trend is down in commodities,” said Walter ‘Bucky’ Hellwig, who helps manage $17 billion of assets at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama .
html Endemol NV (EML) creditor Barclays Plc (BARC) rejected the company’s debt reorganization plan because it breaches existing financing agreements, Il Sole 24 Ore reported, without saying where it got the information.
 “They follow a European leadership style that’s superior to the American one, also because it banks on long-term success instead of quick shareholder value .
 Picard’s lawyers had said they were confident a jury would find the Mets owners knowingly ignored the fraud because it benefited their businesses, which included real estate as well as the team.
 Apple also argued that because it must build a case against each version of the Samsung products it accuses of infringement, and it has been denied evidence required to do so, the court should rule that the products Samsung provided source code for to be “representative of all versions of that product.
 “Google+ is the next generational of all of Google becoming unified because it understands you and your relationships.
 Some high earners pay less than 20 percent on their earnings because they use lawyers and accountants to minimise their bill, Clegg said, according to the newspaper.
” Schapiro has said regulators must tighten oversight of money-market funds because a run on the industry could damage the economy.
 “The long-term prospects of cease-fire are not good, primarily because it addresses none of the underlying issues,” said Joshua Landis , director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma at Norman.
 If the maximum loss to fund assets can indeed be absorbed by a tiny buffer, then the cost of providing a substantially larger one would be small because the investor would expect to lose at most a tiny fraction of the buffer investment.
 and Standard Chartered Plc, hired by CVC to underwrite and arrange the five-year facility, have held discussions with individual banks to discuss expanding the lender group, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Alpha Bank SA (ALPHA) , the nation’s third-largest lender, more than doubled after scrapping a plan to team up with bigger rival EFG Eurobank Ergasias SA (EUROB) because the additional capital required for a combined entity would outweigh the benefits.
 Petro-Diamond got a shipment for May 2 to May 3 while Glencore was awarded a lot for May 5 to May 6, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
" While that statement sounds entrepreneurial, it can make the innovator's life a nightmare because it signals a lack of clear rules for obtaining resources.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Even though 2012 is going to be a tough year because most of Europe will be in recession for a large part of this calendar year, you are still looking at a global growth rate of 3.
, the person said by phone today, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Bourkoff and Stenzler are weighing job offers from two banks and also exploring the idea of starting their own firm, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the details are private.
 “Hurdles to rate cuts are on the higher side because inflation is likely to remain sticky during the course of the year.
” The dispute may lead to a government shutdown shortly before the November elections because lawmakers need to agree on legislation to keep the government operating in the 2013 fiscal year, which starts Oct.
html Dry-bulk shipping rates will stay pressured for the next 12 to 15 months because there are as many as 30 percent too many vessels, Moody’s Investors Service said.
 “I do the best I can and have been encouraged to continue because I hear it serves to inspire many others,” Clark told USA Today just before the 2010 celebration.
 Clean-Cut Image “Clark’s clean-cut boy-next-door image seemed to offset any unsavory fallout from Horn’s arrest, because the show increased in popularity,” according to a history of the show provided by the Museum of Broadcast Communications in Chicago .
 “I am unable to support this rule not because it fails to make positive policy choices but because it undertakes several unnecessary and astonishing contortions to achieve those results,” O’Malia said.
 The bank probably will arrange for a new offering in six months through an institutional book-building process to avoid selling pressure on the company’s shares, said two people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the IPO is pending.
 “Students choose University of Phoenix because our focus, investments and resources are squarely in line with their interests and success in our degree programs,” Castellano said in an e-mail.
 “It’s obvious the government is phasing out corn-based ethanol, because we no longer have the luxury of a surplus,” Zhang Qi , an analyst at Yigu Information Consulting Ltd.
 Low rates forced BNY Mellon to waive fees on money market funds , accept declining yields on its portfolio and endure a drop-off in securities-lending revenues because returns have shrunk on the cash collateral the bank gets to invest.
25 percent, a person familiar with the matter said today, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Apparel was an industry with famously low productivity, because the process of cutting and sewing cloth had proven resistant to automation.
 In every major product category, New York attracted less capital investment than its importance as a production location would have suggested, because the congested city, where much garment manufacturing occurred in small workshops scattered through high-rise buildings, was a difficult place to locate a large factory.
 That's unfortunate because methane, when released directly into the atmosphere, is 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide.
 “This evidence is irrelevant and prejudicial because the two issues, according to Mr.
 Douglas and LVMH have made preliminary contact, said people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Mikheev returned to Moore two weeks ago after his two-year-old fund lost 11 percent last year, said a person with knowledge of the matter, asking not to be named because the information is private.
 Energy Stocks One investor withdrew from London-based James Caird because Leslie incurred losses on shares of commodity companies, drifting away from his credit strategy, the client said.
1 billion), including debt of around 155 million euros, for the Bologna, Italy-based company, two people familiar with the matter said today, declining to be identified because the companies are not publicly disclosing the price.
 Fink, chairman and chief executive officer of BlackRock, told the New York Times that Moody’s move to downgrade some banks was misplaced in part because banks had established deeper capital cushions.
html The premium buyers are prepared to pay to obtain raw sugar from Brazil , the world’s largest producer, has fallen as much as 66 percent because producers increased offers, according to Swiss Sugar Brokers.
 “Producers in Brazil did not sell too much May sugar forward because they were afraid of a repeat of last year,” Beydoun said, referring to delays to loading sugar at the country’s ports.
 “China remains an enigma, because they keep importing cotton at a pretty good clip, so maybe the government there knows that output next season will be a lot less,” Egli said.
 The number of people working part-time because they could not find a full-time job climbed to 1.
, the Malaysian state oil company known as Petronas, offered to sell one cargo each of its Penara, Labuan, and Kikeh crudes, said two traders who received tender documents, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “Yields are dropping because consumer prices are expected to increase by as little as 0.
 Although defaults have been low, recoveries are falling because the public spending that kept non-payments down has failed to spur economic growth, according to the analysts.
html A former Bank of Japan (8301) board member said that investors are confused because the central bank is making decisions that seem at odds with the stance of its own policy makers.
 rejected a request by prosecutors that he deny bail because Zimmerman faces a possible life sentence if convicted.
 The judge allowed testimony by telephone because the family said they feared for their safety.
 Prior Arrest Zimmerman’s wife and his mother testified the defendant’s only prior arrest was because he was protecting a friend.
 “Because it’s such a unique business, because it’s got such extraordinary capabilities, because the market opportunity is real, I feel we need to persuade our investors we can get there,” Clarke said.
 (ILMN) because investors are concerned the U.
 ‘Gimmick’ Representative Barney Frank , the Massachusetts Democrat who co-wrote the regulatory law that bears his name, called the CBO estimate the that the repeal would save $22 billion a “gimmick” because regulators are required by the law to recoup any taxpayer dollars used in the process.
” China recently attempted to acquire a “fully functional, European imaging satellite constellation” that was blocked because it contained U.
 “The environment for equities is pretty good,” said Donald Williams, chief investment officer at Platypus Asset “Even though 2012 is going to be a tough year because most of Europe will be in recession for a large part of this calendar year, you are still looking at a global growth rate of 3.
 Reselling Captured Gas The EPA analysis says that drillers may make $11 million to $19 million a year after paying for the equipment to comply with the rule, because they can sell the gas that otherwise would escape into the air.
 The company’s ambitions may be hampered because many new venues incorporated upgraded food and entertainment options into their design, using such vendors as Stamford , Connecticut-based Centerplate Inc.
 Manufacturers have also suffered, with about 60 percent of factories that produced kitchenware, textiles, canned food and other products forced to close down, mainly because they cannot sell their goods abroad due to the sanctions, al-Malak said.
 First round bids have been submitted, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the sale process is private.
 Sales of wireless contracts, the most lucrative segment of the business because it locks in monthly payments over long periods, may have shrunk for the first time ever in the first quarter.
 “It’s ludicrous to think that just because a stadium was built in RAK and has Real Madrid logo, that the world will start descending on it,” Masud said.
 of Changsha, have delayed releasing full-year 2011 earnings because auditors need more time to complete work, according to filings by the firms.
 “The Indochina markets are all interesting because there is so much opportunity,” Richardson said.
 “There’s pressure on rents to go even higher because vacancy rates are so low,” said David Loy, director of estate agent LJ Hooker in Darwin and president of the Real Estate Institute of the Northern Territory.
 Comparable- store sales are an indicator of growth because they include only older locations.
 (CHK) said shareholders are protected if Chief Executive Officer Aubrey McClendon defaults on personal loans because the company holds first liens on oil and natural-gas wells he used for collateral.
 Chesapeake and its investors aren’t at risk should the CEO default because the company has an overriding claim to the oil and gas that flows from those wells, General Counsel Henry J.
 That’s because the rise in the benchmark West Texas Intermediate price paid to exporters has lagged the cost of Brent oil.
” In formulating their plan, Treasury staff members are also examining bipartisan legislation introduced in Congress, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 “It is particularly noteworthy because it is something other than generic AAA CMBS.
 “Food inflation should continue to slow,” he wrote, because increases last year were unusually steep.
 “I am unable to support this rule not because it fails to make positive policy choices but because it undertakes several unnecessary and astonishing contortions to achieve those results,” O’Malia said.
 Louis-based Express Scripts has asked that the lawsuit be dismissed because the trade groups waited too long to file the challenge.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “We should not look at all the actions and think that the regulators are somehow getting together to punish the company and its directors because the company challenged SGX,” said Mak Yuen Teen, a finance professor at the National University of Singapore.
 And that is a huge concern because Spain is a much larger country than Greece .
 The season will fall below the 12-storm average because the Pacific Ocean may warm and form an El Nino pattern, said Phil Klotzbach , lead author of Colorado State’s report.
 The price of CERs fell 68 percent in the past year because the European Union carbon market is oversupplied through this year and beyond, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
2 billion budget deficit may widen by $1 billion or more because lawmakers resisted early spending cuts and lawsuits blocked other reductions, Governor Jerry Brown said.
 “Even though 2012 is going to be a tough year because most of Europe will be in recession for a large part of this calendar year, you are still looking at a global growth rate of 3.
 Researchers focused on rabbits because like humans, they start developing motor skills before birth and complete it after, while most other mammals finish before being born.
 “I do not know if it will work in humans, however, we have made a big paradigm shift in the way people think about this disease, because people think this cannot be reversed,” he said.
 Ticket-Splitting Though she has a slight edge over her leading Republican opponent, Rothenberg said, Heitkamp faces risks because Obama won 42 percent of the 2008 vote in North Dakota.
 There needs to be a consensus to implement skills training and adjustment programs for those who are unemployed because firms are still demanding better-skilled workers.
 Selling the divisions together may be easier for ING because the asset- management unit oversees money on behalf of the insurance business, said Pluijgers.
 “It’s a good time to put it on because we do have a lot of people who are looking to spend their bonus at this time of year,” Pruner said.
58 trillion rupiah ($281 million) because its average selling price of crude palm oil fell.
 The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because intelligence matters are classified.
 “It makes the industry better, frankly, because it makes us sharper at our game.
 “It’s going to go to the Republicans because the Republicans have just taken over the House.
 The bank is offering the lower Tier 2 notes to investors to yield in the low 7 percent area, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 They suggested over-the-counter straddles expiring in six months and said the trade generates a positive premium because the sale makes more than the purchase cost.
” Market Correlation Markets typically become less correlated as the economy comes out of recession because economic contractions are systemic events that affect most companies at the same time, making stock picking difficult, they wrote.
” Indian and Korean stocks are favorable for the trade because the benchmark indexes have low volatility levels compared with their component stocks, according to the report.
 “I don’t see contagion as a concern because those in trouble have created their own problems, although of course this atmosphere is reinforcing itself,” Ligi said in an interview today in Brussels before a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
 He left last week, two people with knowledge of the situation said, declining to be named because they are not authorized to speak about the matter.
 Insurers lost money from variable annuities in 2008 and 2009 because the funds backing them are generally invested in stocks.
 The retailer is entering China with a “prestige” brand to meet demand from a growing middle class and because lower- priced goods are made and widely available there, Rubel said.
html Investors should buy Greek notes maturing in March 2012, because the yield more than compensates for the default risk, according to Nomura International Plc.
 Exane BNP’s Ramel said the forecast is better than he expected because it assumes a strong euro.
 A breakup doesn’t make sense because the computer industry is consolidating, Ballmer said.
 They declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 No agreement has been reached and Hana may announce a decision on the purchase next week, the person said, declining to be identified because the discussions are private.
” In his ruling, Lane said the Marathon offer wasn’t a reason to deny the EchoStar loan because there was no commitment and because there was no evidence it was a superior proposal.
 “The decline in utilities has to do with the weak yen because they have to buy oil, which is priced in U.
 While hundreds of bankers at HSBC’s securities unit will get a rise in base pay, their total pay won’t increase because bonuses will be cut, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Bank of Montreal analyst Edward Sterck wrote that uranium producers may pull back because China is likely to target 80 gigawatts of nuclear generating capacity by 2020, not the 112 gigawatts reported in the Chinese press.
 “Institutional investors are so positive about GM because the industry is primed to make so much money as it recovers,” said Alan Baum , an analyst for Baum & Associates, an industry consultant in West Bloomfield, Michigan.
3 billion for an additional 10 percent stake in Buenos Aires-based oil producer YPF, said the person, who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 Later, Rangel issued a statement that said, “They can do what they will with me because they have the power and I have no real chance of fighting back.
 In a pooled television interview this evening, William said he took so long to ask her to marry him because he wanted to make sure Kate was fully aware of what it meant to join the royal family.
 (Psst, this sounds good for business, but it’s actually good for workers because a lower corporate rate will attract more foreign investment, making U.
 Funds may have the option to explain to the Financial Services Authority why they are unable to comply with rules that require half of bonuses to be paid in shares, said the people, some of whom declined to be identified because negotiations are private.
 People seem to be less concerned about the most severe implications of the code because the FSA has been making the right noises.
 9 because they think the authorities in Khartoum will rig the outcome, a spokesman for the south’s ruling party said.
 Trading Profits Curbed Exceptions for Trace reporting don’t apply to corporate bonds because rules for banks limit the amount of their trading in that debt and exempt government-related securities.
 “Investors believe that Hyundai Motor Group should be the winner because it will help Hyundai Engineering grow its business,” said Byun Sung Jin , an analyst at Mirae Asset Securities Co.
 “A takeover by Hyundai Group won’t benefit Hyundai Engineering, it will only be good for the group because the builder will help it to diversify its businesses.
 Actelion and its advisers recently learned of a potential bid from Amgen, said one of the people, who declined to be named because the process is private.
, said the person, who declined to be identified because the conversations are private.
, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
html An announcement of an Irish rescue package may offer only temporary relief for the euro because investors may turn to other so-called peripheral countries in the single-currency region, according to Barclays Plc.
html Deutsche Bank AG’s head of investment banking, Anshu Jain, said he doesn’t think Ireland, Portugal or Greece will default in the near future because European regulators are aware of the consequences.
html Chelsea defender Alex will miss six to eight weeks because he needs to undergo knee surgery, the English Premier League soccer club said.
 It has remained under the radar, mostly because it has managed to avoid running up big budget deficits, at least compared with some of its Mediterranean neighbors.
” The foundation decided not to try to recover its own legal costs from the collector because a search turned up no assets, he said.
 ‘‘We like buying offshore renminbi bonds because the regulations are not as tedious,’’ said Chia Tse Chern , director at UOB Asset Management, which oversees the equivalent of $10.
 HSBC’s Chan said China won’t slow the opening up of its financial market because it wants to make the yuan an international currency.
 The campaign began after the publication picked up a writer’s blog posting, published it without her consent or compensating her, and then told her she was the one who should be paying because her work allegedly needed editing.
” In 2002, Abbott joined Fairfield, Connecticut-based GE to build its strategy of issuing store-brand cards that can be used elsewhere because they carry the MasterCard, Visa, AmEx or Discover logos.
 European lenders are avoiding the dollar-denominated debt market in part because the sovereign crisis will weaken the euro and make U.
6 billion yen under management as of August, plans to start “several” funds over the next few months, said Chairman Scott Callon , declining to elaborate because information is private.
 ‘Add Value’ Ichigo plans to buy office buildings that range from 2 billion yen to 10 billion yen because there is less competition to purchase them and they offer higher returns, Callon said.
 Land lease “is a very interesting product because it has nice superior returns and safety characteristics,” he said.
 “We’re seeing big swings in Asian currencies because people are concerned over a slew of capital control measures,” Enrico Tanuwidjaja , a Singapore-based economist at DMG & Partners Securities Pte said in a telephone interview today.
 “I think that the government may have second thoughts now, because if everyone else is controlling their currencies and you allow your currency to be manipulated by the market you will suffer.
 That’s because wireless connections enable impulse purchases, and location-based services let merchants deliver coupons and offers to users when they’re most likely to spend.
 “Mercedes may be taking a double hit because the A- and B- Class were helped last year by scrapping incentives and a model changeover is set for late next year,” said Marc-Rene Tonn, an analyst with M.
 Popolare, which said six months ago it wouldn’t need new financing, shifted strategy because the market changed after the Greek crisis, the CEO said, making planned asset sales difficult.
 Legal Challenges The panel to which she testified, which investigates the Troubled Asset Relief Program created in 2008, said in a report today that regulators should conduct new stress tests on banks because legal challenges to foreclosures and uncertainties in the housing market could threaten the financial system.
html Regulators should conduct new stress tests on banks because legal challenges to foreclosures and uncertainties in the housing market could threaten the financial system, a congressional watchdog said.
html One of Peter Philipp Wingsoe’s employees at a Los Angeles marketing firm recently waited five days for a business-class ticket on a United Airlines jet home from Beijing because planes were so packed.
 “When earnings start to improve, carriers look at putting another plane into service because they can make more money with it,” Swierenga said.
 Carriers also prize the flights because corporate travelers will pay a premium for first or business class on trips of 10 hours or more, such as United’s nonstops between San Francisco and Shanghai.
 Wingsoe said he welcomes the Haneda service because it should save him an hour of transit time on future trips.
 The total number of three-star restaurants remained unchanged at two, because one establishment, Le Pont de Brent near Montreux, was downgraded to two stars as its management changed, Michelin said in a statement sent by e-mail.
 “People are cautious because the yen has edged toward a weakening trend.
 “If you want to bring the same functionality to these cars, you have to figure out a way to make them affordable because the budget is lower.
 “Whenever you go to someone’s home conditions it’s very, very tough to win, because the local players know the conditions better.
 “This was definitely a big surprise because everyone expected Hyundai Motor Group to win,” said Byun Sung Jin, an analyst at Mirae Asset Securities Co.
 “A takeover by Hyundai Group won’t benefit Hyundai Engineering, it will only be good for the group because the builder will help it to diversify its businesses.
 Severed Ties Hyundai Motor Group in 2000 severed ties with Hyundai Group because the late founder Chung Ju Yung picked his younger son as his successor over Chung Mong Koo.
 Paulson told clients at a recent meeting he doesn’t see a significant risk that banks may be forced to buy back mortgages, said a person who was present and asked not to be identified because the fund is private.
 Gas Extraction “We are discussing with PDVSA a plan to accelerate the extraction of gas because demand for diesel is growing,” Rodriguez said.
 “Using diesel and fuel oil is more expensive because not only does it cut into exports but it also means we have to use hundreds of trucks to transport it.
 “The problem with the way these documents are created isn’t because a computer is used,” said Gloria Einstein, a legal aid attorney in Green Cove Springs, Florida, who deposed Bly in a case in which her client faces foreclosure by a unit of Deutsche Bank AG.
 “It’s because an enterprise has decided to use a computer to create a system where nobody is responsible for the information and the decisions.
 “There are expectations of reaching 800,000 units because Brazil has a strong outlook of growth in the coming years, has a domestic market with a new group of consumers and good financing,” Scarlan said.
 While hundreds of bankers at HSBC’s securities unit will get a rise in base pay, their total pay won’t increase because bonuses will be cut, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
html Portugal will not ask for aid just because Ireland does it, Diario de Noticias reported, citing an unidentified official from the Portuguese prime minister’s office.
’ He might say, ‘Well, I can’t because television brings me x million dollars.
’ I would say, ‘Well, try to sell the whole bloody lot and concentrate on television and start saving because very few people last, as you know.
html SAP AG , on trial because a now- defunct subsidiary downloaded Oracle Corp.
 Unfortunately, the nocturnal love scene for Lorenzo and Jessica falls flat, mostly because the set allows for no moonlit bank and natural beauty.
 “When rates are very low, investors look for higher yields, and they can find them with closed-end funds, partly because many can leverage.
 “If we can put another two or three results together it will help confidence because you can feel that the attitude and spirit of the team is great,” Wenger said at the post-match news conference.
 German Banks German banks are preparing for losses of as much as 60 percent on their Greek holdings, three people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the talks are private, said Oct.
 “Towards the end I was able to push and get a little bit of a gap because Lewis and Mark were fighting,” Vettel said in a televised interview.
 They better not even think about stopping Venezuela’s peaceful march because they will regret it the rest of their days.
 Harry Rady , who manages $260 million as chief executive officer of La Jolla, California-based Rady Asset Management LLC, said shares of food producers are vulnerable because profits may shrink if commodities rise.
 “People don’t have confidence yet because there are elections in Egypt and they are afraid of what will happen there, whether it will be peaceful.
 Morgan Stanley’s Fels said the steps could backfire because investors may fail to be lured by the guarantees, harsher writedowns could spark contagion and banks would likely prefer to sell assets and reduce leverage than raise capital.
 “There is a preference for shorter-term bonds because they are less risky and more liquid,” Ernest Pytlarczyk, chief economist at BRE Bank SA in Warsaw, said in a phone interview on Oct.
 Capping Deficits “Hollande would be regarded by the markets as a safer pair of hands, not least because Aubry is associated with the 35-hour work week, which business is very hostile to, and would see her as being more inclined to favor leftier policies,” Begg said.
 El Paso didn’t seek competing bids for the company because it wanted to preserve its spinoff option in case the merger talks collapsed, a person with knowledge of the talks said.
 Woodford wasn’t allowed to vote because the matter involved his own interests, according to the company.
 I was very nervous today because I wanted to win here and defend my title.
 “The fact he’s black is a bonus because it shows anyone can succeed if they persevere.
 Informatica could also be a takeover candidate because it sells software that lets companies manage, integrate and analyze data from different computer systems, Sterne Agee’s Wu said.
 ``Strategic investors are ready to pay significant premiums for generating assets because they're confident of growth in the industry,'' said Alexander Kornilov, a utilities analyst at Alfa Bank in Moscow.
 Bank shares were collapsing because balance sheets were full of toxic rubbish.
 That’s partly because Rangel is beloved and Bunning is not.
 because its website is better suited to domestic users and personal data is more secure, President Kenji Kasahara said.
 MAN and Scania would face legal hurdles if they were to team up on buying parts such as tires or glass because such a move would increase their purchasing clout over suppliers, he said.
 10, and start-up is expected at the end of February, the person said, declining to be named because the information is confidential.
 They “provided more swing space” for the university’s budget because less money will go to pay back lenders, Creamer said.
 As earnings rise, and because equity premiums are so high, stock prices should move higher.
 The state figures are subject to larger sampling errors because they come from smaller surveys, making the national figures more reliable, according to the government’s Bureau of Labor Statistics.
 Overcharges also cost the federal government, because it requires localities to return some earnings on the investment of tax-exempt-bond proceeds to the Internal Revenue Service.
 31, said the people who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 Traders using options to capture dividends often steer their volume to the PHLX because its operator, Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
” ISE called the dividend capture trades “objectionable” in a March report and said that it doesn’t support the practice because it benefits institutional investors at the expense of individuals.
 “It is good news because this team missed Lampard, his ability to score from midfield and his experience,” Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti said on the club’s website.
 His employment agreement gives him 5 percent of any increase in the lender’s worth, said two people with knowledge of the deal who declined to be named because the details are private.
 The company revised its outlook for Las Vegas to stable because the city has an above-average repayment rate.
 21 in part because it faces fewer mortgage-repurchase demands from Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and private investors, FBR Capital Markets Corp.
 Reid “doesn’t have the votes, and the reason he doesn’t have the votes is because members on this side of the aisle increasingly felt concerned about the way we do business,” said McConnell, a Kentucky Republican.
” Ewanick said expanding into other markets will take time because GM needs to develop distribution channels and brand awareness.
 “We don’t expect to see pre-crisis lending growth levels again because that was triggered by excess liquidity and a totally different perception on credit risk.
 “But I have a hard time expecting that would happen because Republicans have been very opposed to it.
 “This is a must for AUO because if it doesn’t enter China, it will lose its competitiveness because all the rivals are there.
’” Discrimination Measure He stirred controversy on Virginia campuses in March when he sent a letter to public universities and colleges saying they can’t prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation because that authority rests with the state legislature.
 Using options to bet on buyouts makes sense because target companies soar by an average of 35 percent after merger announcements, Grant wrote.
 “When they do well, it’s because they got an excellent education,” Baer said.
 “When they screw up, it’s because they forgot everything we taught them.
 “These bond markets won’t fail because people are shorting them, they’ll fail because people won’t want to buy the bonds.
35 billion euros, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Boeing wants customers for the delayed 787 Dreamliner to continue receiving government-backed financing until 2015 for as little as a quarter of the premiums for credit guarantees being proposed, the people said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 Prosecutors say the bid-rigging cheated taxpayers from California to Pennsylvania because bond money was invested at below-market rates.
 The aid is creating a “horrible dynamic whereby both the insurgency and the government of Afghanistan need this war because they are making so much money off of it,” said Exum, a former platoon leader in Iraq and Afghanistan who is now at the Center for a New American Security, a defense-oriented think tank in Washington, and has just returned from the war zone.
 Companies are offering loans with higher coupons to get deals arranged because less of the debt is being bundled into so-called levered structured products, such as CLOs, according to Jonathan Blau , head of global leveraged finance strategy at Credit Suisse Group AG in New York.
 “The new issue volume has not put a damper on things because ultimately flows and repayments have outpaced supply,” said George K.
 fund manager that put itself up for sale in November, is attractive to Henderson because of its consumer business and emerging markets operations, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Steven Freiberg became chief executive officer in March after E*Trade had appointed an interim CEO because it failed to find a permanent replacement by the end of 2009.
 The government is looking at it from a point of view of getting the economy and the politics of it because they want to win votes.
 “Only one of these permits is for activity that was suspended under the moratorium, and has been returned to the operator because it was incomplete.
 The search engine’s rankings are not neutral and publishers have no real alternative for displaying their content because most users make search queries on Google, he said in a telephone interview.
 Mapping Service Hans Biermann, chief executive of online mapping service Euro-Cities AG, said the EU will review its allegation that Google’s searches are unfair because Google Maps is always ranked higher.
 “The government is not backing down because it wants a position that will be accepted by lawmakers later on,” Benito Lim, a political science professor at the Ateneo de Manila University, said by telephone.
 that charge students with higher earnings potential more for their education, because they will contribute more over 25 years than everyone else.
, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is confidential.
 “It is a lot of money to spend but I really wanted to go back, especially to Funland because I really love the employers,” said Bolesova, who studies English and literature at Slovakia’s University of Presov.
 A deal could be reached within two weeks, said the people, who sought anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 “If rates go up, it’s because price inflation is occurring, and inflation is occurring because there’s job growth,” Mezger said.
” Criticism of Customs comes in large part because an agency in charge of protecting the U.
 Past surveys had no “huge red flags” of the process in part because they often involved less complicated products, said former ITC Chairwoman Deanna Tanner Okun, who left the agency last year after 12 years and is now with Adduci Mastriani & Schaumberg in Washington.
 It’s not happening because men reserve power and privilege for themselves.
 And because it reduces the losses, it reduces the incentive of governments to bail out.
 Marriage Opponents “By the nature of the situation we’ve been on defense because most every state has already defined marriage as between a man and a woman,” said Frank Schubert, national political director for the Washington , D.
 are reducing subsidies for clean energy because the cost of incentives is driving up power bills for consumers.
 Rate Cap The debt has grown for a decade because regulators cap rates, also known as tariffs, at levels not high enough to reimburse services such as power transmission and generating from more expensive renewable sources.
 The Spanish Photovoltaic Union, UNEF, said that while it doesn’t have sufficient information on the reforms, it’s “convinced they may lead directly to the bankruptcy of a sizeable portion of the sector, because previous cutbacks already amount to as much as 40 percent of the earnings expected when the investments were committed to.
 The change would allow bids by a consortium whose partners handle airports whose combined passenger traffic totals 35 million, said the official, who asked to not be named because the changes are still being discussed.
 “Everybody is looking at next week today because there is a big jump in the forecast,” she said.
html Cocoa processing in Asia may drop for a second consecutive quarter because some grinders still have stockpiles of powder after a decline in prices, according to the chairman of the Cocoa Association of Asia.
 Still, the proposal remains risky because the benefit depends on shares surging about 50 percent higher than their current price, said Jeff Fidacaro, an analyst at Monness Crespi Hardt & Co.
 And because this is Ramadan, Muslims, who make up 90 percent of the population, aren't supposed to eat or drink water between sunrise and sunset.
 Hession left his position overseeing Woodside’s Browse venture in May after Australia ’s second-biggest oil and gas producer scrapped a plan to build the project at an onshore site in Western Australia because it was too expensive.
 Vivus would aim to reach a settlement before its annual meeting on July 15, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions were private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 A petition filed yesterday in San Francisco on behalf of the voter-approved measure’s supporters against California Governor Jerry Brown and county clerks around the state alleges that local officials are violating their “ministerial duties” by issuing marriage licenses to gay couples because Proposition 8 is still valid.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “And I guarantee you Bruce Bochy’s not disappointed to see him start the All-Star Game if he does, because he helps the National League get a leg up.
 Loan Modifications The bank also responded to claims that borrowers who qualified for HAMP were funneled into foreclosures or private modifications because those were more profitable.
 “This claim is false not only because Bank of America had no such strategies or policies, but because” HAMP loans were often more profitable because of federal incentives, said David Steckel, a home-retention executive at the lender.
 Pilots preferred to fly overland along the north shore because it was faster and weather delays were less common, according to court documents.
 sales will accelerate in the second half because it will boost production slightly, Krafcik said yesterday.
 It’s safe to assume that we will see another massive decline in supply because the market is well into backwardation.
 One-year incentive packages offered starting last July to help get the company’s new BlackBerry 10 phones and software built and delivered on time are expiring, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 The full effect of the changes won’t be felt until the third quarter because it was implemented in May, according to the Citigroup analysts.
 Cyprus has an advantage over Israel because it has already chosen a site for a terminal, Noble CEO Charles Davidson said in April.
 and producer Saul Zaentz, saying they are routine contract-based claims and aren’t improper because the estate sued first.
 “But, again, when we compared them with what we saw the potential of what Hulu could be, particularly because we were aligned in vision, it was smarter for the shareholders of our companies for us to stay in.
, Countrywide, Washington Mutual, Wachovia and Indymac were all "boring" lenders that managed to fail spectacularly because they had made bad bets on mortgages amid a housing bubble.
 That’s unlikely because the goal was approved four months ago and Li has failed to mention any revision, which may require approval from the National People’s Congress, Zhang said in a note today.
 Information came from people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because such details on the reverse-osmosis project in Wonthaggi near Melbourne are private.
 ‘‘Bankers prefer the RwA approach because they can currently choose whether to use their own models to calculate the risks or instead, select the weightings set by Basel -- whichever approach permits more leverage.
 It is sad because in the first years of the new government, the U.
 government balked at AT&T’s 2011 T-Mobile deal in part because it would reduce the number of carriers competing in some markets.
 An agreement, while not imminent, could be reached in as little as two weeks, said the people, who sought anonymity because the talks are private.
 “Ang is probably trying to rationalize some of these investments because there may be some investment opportunities that are more suitable,” said Astro del Castillo, managing director at Manila-based First Grade Holdings Inc.
 “I’ve bought some more on the down days because it will have its day,” Holmes said in a July 11 phone interview.
 Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer medicines, has been in contact with Cheshire, Connecticut-based Alexion on and off for months, said another person, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 “In the end, someone can decide to hand over the reins for a variety of reasons: generational shift, stronger global growth goals, physical fatigue -- because the modern pace of work at times consumes you,” Brunello Cucinelli, founder of the Solomeo, Italy-based company that bears his name, said in an e-mail.
 “The visit is important for Vietnam because Vietnam needs the presence of the U.
” Legitimate Debate “There will be a more legitimized debate and argument about QE now than there was before because the justification will be about keeping borrowing costs low across the board and not about supporting individual sovereigns,” Kelly said.
 “The recent backup in yields at the front end of the core market offered an opportunity to buy because there is no risk of early tightening by the ECB,” Kelly said.
 Prisa, as the company is known, is looking for a way to avoid having to reach unanimous agreement with its 38 creditors to restructure the debt, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 Index fund prices won’t be substantially more volatile than their indexes because there is less room for deviation.
-driven market events, EWX’s price was more volatile than its index because the ETF was incorporating more recent market information than was reflected in the index values,” said David Mazza, head of ETF investment strategy for the Americas within the SPDR ETF sales strategy group at State Street Global Advisors.
3 billion) of the borrowing capacity allowed it by central government, because some councils are opting not to build.
 “Everybody knows in a situation like this that it’s so incredibly fraught with risk because there are so many pieces of information that are unknown.
 He said he waited to visit the town because he first wanted to give rescue crews time to put the fires out and deal with the disaster.
 “Our folks in emerging markets also did a spectacularly good job, because I think you might see some real differentiation there from some other folks on how their numbers come out,” Dimon said today on a conference call with analysts after the New York-based bank reported second-quarter earnings.
 “So I’m optimistic about Goldman going forward, because if Jamie did well, this is usually a good sign that the other trading house did well.
 Orr’s plan “is harmful to Detroit and the interests of taxpayers in Michigan ” because it may imperil access to the municipal market, the company said.
 Insurers have more to fear from bankruptcy than unions because a judge will probably side with workers trying to keep the city operating, said Mark Schwartz , a former bond lawyer who tried unsuccessfully to help the city of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania , restructure debt using Chapter 9.
75 percentage points to 5 percentage points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the person who asked not to be identified because terms are private.
 are often viewed as economic bellwethers because they transport goods across the world.
 Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne said last month he was “urgently” investigating the case for hiving off RBS’s toxic assets into a bad bank because the lender is weighed down by too many toxic assets.
 Six to eight cargoes of Angolan crude for loading in August are said to be unsold, according to two traders who participate in the market and asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Fewer bags are lost because fees have discouraged people from checking them, he said.
 (FDX) , often viewed as economic bellwethers because they transport goods across the world, are working to counter a shift by their customers to less expensive shipping options as domestic growth is projected to slow from 2012.
 The plan is also discriminatory because it targets only certain loans, the trustees alleged.
 The State Department, which is conducting the review of the project because it would cross the U.
” Analysts looking for clues to how Obama will ultimately decide on Keystone say the biggest one may be the supplemental environmental impact statement, or SEIS, because it will evaluate the project under the standard Obama set in a June 25 speech on climate change .
 The State Department has oversight over Keystone because it crosses an international border.
 So far, the green-car price war amounts to more of a skirmish than an all-out assault because sales of the battery powered cars are so small.
 Development Costs GM had been loath to reduce the Volt’s price because the car cost so much to produce.
 Cut Deals The testimony of the 83-year-old’s one-time associates, including a former gunman who admitted to killing 20 people, can’t be trusted because they cut deals with prosecutors to avoid lengthy prison terms or death sentences, Carney told jurors in his closing statement Aug.
 The recipient this year was Chief Executive Officer Martin Halusa, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 were exempt from punishment because they cooperated with the investigation, provided important evidence and carried out active “self-rectification,” Xinhua said, citing the National Development and Reform Commission.
 and Morgan Stanley for the refinancing as well as the initial public offering, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Talks are at an early stage and Yue Xiu is arranging financing for an acquisition, said the person, who didn’t disclose the size of the stake and asked not to be identified because discussions are confidential.
 The 4G auction is a bigger challenge for the regulator because it involves frequencies governed by concessions and unused spectrum, Eddy Abdullah said.
 “We also view this as a positive development for the banks because it enhances their capital flexibility as well.
” The fatal crash occurred because Uno mistakenly stepped on the gas pedal rather than the brake, Toyota said.
 Cinven, which acquired Gondola in 2006, has held preliminary talks with investment banks assessing options for a sale of all or part of the business, said the people, who asked not to be identified because no decision has been made.
” Duggan was forced to run a write-in campaign for the primary because he was ruled ineligible for the ballot under residency requirements in the city charter, though he moved into the city from a Detroit suburb in 2012.
 (C) to find a buyer, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 And this debate is going to be bitter, because unlike with regular firms, there’s no clear point at which you can say, “Yes, that’s it, we all agree they’re insolvent.
 And in theory, they should, most of the time, because the taxpayers promised those pensions through their elected representatives.
 And so we will argue … in court and out of it, because the fact is, many state and local governments will be unable to pay for all the promises made by the politicians of yesteryear: If you define municipal debt simply as what states and localities have borrowed, the total nationwide comes to about $3 trillion.
 We’d better start asking those questions, because pretty soon, we’re going to need to answer them.
 “The decline will be limited because there are a number of outside factors supporting the market,” said Carl Larry, president of Oil Outlooks & Opinions LLC in Houston.
 “I took this difficult decision because I will never allow controversies created over my professional path, which I never hid, to be used as a political weapon against the government,” Pais Jorge said in an e-mailed statement today.
 (AAPL) ’s iPhone off its shelves because the iTunes Store competes with its own e-commerce business.
 “It’s simply because employers have failed to make contributions that they should have made.
 ‘Some Concern’ “His departure is a source of some concern, because biotech has fueled big gains in New Horizons,” Rushkewicz said in a telephone interview.
 The scale of bearish bets presents a risk because it makes it harder to find more sellers, Morgan Stanley analysts wrote in a report Aug.
 “We see Magazine Luiza as a high-risk, high-return investment story, because we believe that the company could be worth more than what the market is currently willing to pay, but our visibility on its longer-term prospects is limited at this point,” wrote Paschoal and Rodrigues, who have a recommendation equivalent of buy on the stock.
 Debt of Puerto Rico tends to offer extra yield because the three major credit-rating companies give the commonwealth the lowest investment grade, with a negative outlook, as the island’s leaders struggle with a shrinking economy and one of the nation’s weakest pension systems.
 The securities draw demand because they are tax-free in all U.
 Best Paid The people discussing the hiring policies spoke on condition of anonymity because the firms are private.
 Both asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 The value of buyout holdings at private-equity firms affects economic net income, or ENI, because the metric depends on quarterly mark-to-market valuations of those investments.
88 billion and a 750 million-euro ($1 billion) portion was reduced to 500 million euros, said the person, who asked not to be identified because terms of the deal are private.
6 billion back to the federal government in the next two quarters if the company determines that tax credits it holds have value because it will remain profitable, Layton said.
 The scientists weren’t able to reliably exclude patients who might have biased the results because they were prone to episodes of diarrhea , for example.
 They include Diarmuid O’Hegarty, the LME’s chief operating officer, and Garry Jones, the former CEO of NYSE Liffe, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Morgan Stanley (MS) has been hired to manage the sale of DeWAG Management GmbH, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan is private.
, joblessness could drop because people are leaving the workforce, said Clarke at Investec.
 Charismatic leaders are charismatic because they are the living embodiment of an inspiring and universal human narrative.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
9 percent, according to another person, who, like the others, asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 In some regions and at some hospitals within a region, Medicare spends more because beneficiaries there use more services.
 The Institute of Medicine panel, like most other health economists and experts, strongly supports the health-care system’s shift away from fee-for-service payment and toward paying for value -- through bundled payments or accountable care organizations, for example -- because this should discourage unnecessary care.
” The court at the time also held that the EEOC had “wholly abandoned its statutory duties” because it failed to investigate some of the individual claims until after it had filed its complaint.
 “We would look for some way to recover some of those costs because this is a national security issue.
 “I understand their concerns because there are significant costs.
 president as a jilted suitor: "Obama won't see Putin because Putin is already seeing Snowden.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 If that pattern were to continue beyond pollination, the crop would be vulnerable to an early freeze because late planting would leave it lacking maturity, DTN said.
 The company sent information on the business to potential buyers last week, said two people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 In his defense, Shavers argued that the Bitcoin investments were not securities because Bitcoin is not money, and is not part of anything regulated by the U.
 "Fraudsters are not beyond the reach of the SEC just because they use Bitcoin or another virtual currency to mislead investors and violate the federal securities laws," said Andrew M.
, joblessness might drop because people are leaving the workforce, said Clarke at Investec.
 Lost Appeal Autos have lost their appeal among young Italians in part because the millennial generation, as in other developed countries such as the U.
 But I would say, just as a preview of that, that our approach here very much reinforces that view, because we have committed to reinvest all of the proceeds of maturing -- all the cash flows associated with maturing gilt during the period of time during which the forward guidance is in place.
 When we get into asset sales, it will be because we want to do it over a sustained period of time in an orderly fashion.
 It reduces uncertainty, because there can be a premature view -- premature withdrawal of monetary policy stimulus as the recovery starts to build up.
 And it’s a -- it’s a robust framework because it has with it those price -- two price and one financial stability knockout, which disciplines the framework as a whole, as we test to see how supply comes on as the economy recovers.
 Now, in that -- in that context, between the major advanced economy bond markets, even in a more normal environment, one can expect a relatively high correlation of yields, longer-term yields -- and I’d make the import on longer-term yields -- because these high-quality credits are relatively good substitutes for each other.
 “Wheat’s lower because we missed out on that sale to Egypt,” Jamey Kohake, a broker and branch manager at Paragon Investments in Silver Lake , Kansas, said by telephone.
 ‘Event Risk’ “People could be hesitant to put on risk positions ahead of September because there is significant event risk being built up in market participants in relation to tapering,” Brian Kim, a currency strategist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s RBS Securities unit in Stamford, Connecticut, said by phone.
 The foundation has long supported arts organizations as a tool for community revitalization -- not because they offer juicy targets for asset strippers.
 Cities that clambered back from the brink did it because they were valued by citizens, retained some wealth, and had a diverse economic base.
 When businesses leave because somewhere else is newer and accessible by a shiny new freeway, you lose the talent and investment that keeps cities healthy.
 The deal wasn’t made public because its equity interest was below the disclosure threshold, China Resources said.
” Riskiest Tier Bank of America wanted to rid itself of the mortgages because the company was on the hook for losses if they defaulted, according to the government.
 One securities trader who objected to the deal stood to lose because he traded the riskiest slices of the bond that would get hit first by losses when the mortgages defaulted, hurting his compensation, according to the suit.
 “It will be good news for the industry, because the availability of more options will lower fundraising costs for developers.
 New supply isn’t growing fast enough because developers who have revived projects after the credit crisis are almost exclusively building luxury units, he said.
 Reluctant Prosecutors Federal prosecutors are reluctant to bring criminal charges against a large bank that’s tightly interconnected with other firms because it could endanger national or global economies, U.
 For-profit colleges disputed many of the findings and said their students struggle because they tend to be working adults from lower-income families.
 The company, based in Auburn Hills , Michigan, is working with Deutsche Bank AG on finding bidders, said three of the people, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 “I am not going to punish federal employees because they happen to work for Congress,” Coburn said in an interview last week.
 Shilling Impact “The shut down may have no immediate impact on the shilling because they have rescheduled flights through Mombasa and Eldoret,” John Muli, a trader with Nairobi-based African Banking Corp.
 From an India perspective, the kind of fall we’ve seen in commodities in the last one or two weeks is very beneficial because inflation as a worry will be smaller.
 It is an opportunity for India to start outperforming because we never had a problem from the point of view of growth.
 ECB Purchases The ECB bought large sizes of Irish securities, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the trades are confidential.
 Some estates may fare better by paying the estate tax because the assets, such as stocks, will pass to heirs with stepped-up basis, which means they carry the value they had at the time of death.
 Legislators at the meeting said they joined because it represents their beliefs.
 “We expect the second half of 2011 to be difficult, not only because of macroeconomic conditions but also because we plan refinery outages,” it said.
 All this is modestly helpful because the Greek government has to pay more than 3.
 When this is taken into account, even the much-touted 20 percent principal reduction on the discount bond option is much lower on a present-value basis, because the coupon rates are higher on the new bond than on the old bonds.
 “There’s still going to be some caution just because even though the numbers are actually good and U.
” While the memo didn’t mention News of the World, the tabloid’s former employees will be eligible for the pay increases, said the people, who declined to comment because personnel matters are private.
 Still, lawmakers shy away from the measure because it reduces benefits, Adams said.
 Previous administrations have attempted to eliminate the subsidy and failed because retirees including military chiefs of staff are loath to give up that benefit, Adams said.
 expansion have affected Indonesia less than neighbors including Malaysia and Singapore because the nation relies less on exports.
 “Most listed companies reported net profit gains last quarter because the central bank tried to keep interest rates stable,” David Sumual, an economist at PT Bank Central Asia in Jakarta, said before the release.
 “Clearly if what’s been happening continues and gets worse, then it may yet be difficult for them to take back the insurance element even because they did put those conditions on it,” said Ebert.
 Asahi submitted its bid last night, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Court of Appeals in Philadelphia ruled yesterday that a lower-court correctly ruled that consumers wouldn’t be confused into thinking Bacardi’s Havana Club rum was made in Cuba because the label states it was made in Puerto Rico .
 Two Spanish courts ruled that the joint venture with Pernod was the proper owner because the Arechabala family had neglected its rights, both in allowing its trademark to expire and waiting too long to challenge ownership.
 Pfizer has assembled a team to examine the feasibility of a switch to over-the-counter sales, as well as other options for the medicine, said the person, who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
10 per dollar because it would likely trade back to 44 in the next few weeks.
 “The rupee will underperform other Asian currencies at least over three months due to concerns related to the high current-account deficit and in terms of risks related to the fiscal front, where the government seems to be on a path of maintaining its policy of a loose stance, and also because in my view the central bank has a lot more to do in terms of hiking the repo rate.
 The ECB bought large sizes of Irish securities, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the trades are confidential.
 It’s not just for growth, because we have very good organic growth.
 This would prove hard on young scientists, because limited money tends to go to investigators with a history of successful testing, he said.
 “Local issuers are a little more vulnerable because the state has balanced its budget on the backs of local governments,” he said.
 “Some of this predicted growth is because several new wheat millers and multinational food manufacturers have begun production and are driving demand,” according to USDA’s Foreign Agricultural Service.
 He said his biggest issue is learning to control how far he hits his irons because his swing speed has changed since he began working with coach Sean Foley .
 Paramo said there are tensions in the market because the European rescue fund can only act in theory until the changes are implemented by European governments.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “They were out of work for two weeks because Republicans were holding their jobs hostage to try and jam through a favor for the CEO of one airline.
 “The chocolate confectionery manufacturers are happy because an important ingredient will be less expensive,” Haws wrote.
 Diversification Paul Jacobs, a certified financial planner based in the Atlanta office of Palisades Hudson Financial Group, which manages more than $1 billion and whose clients have an average of about $20 million in assets, said he’s looking at stocks of natural resource and real estate companies because they act as hedges against inflation.
 (ESRX) Days after the second-largest takeover this year, Medco received a request from Goldman Sachs to be credited for helping to arrange the deal, said four people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the conversation was private.
 A top spot among M&A advisers is a sign of prestige on Wall Street because it indicates that the bank has the trust of chief executives and corporate boards.
 NYSE Credit Advisory credit is important because bankers seeking new business often show clients pitch books that include market- share rankings.
 These individuals were working part time because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find a full-time job.
 They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey.
) Discouraged workers are persons not currently looking for work because they believe no jobs are available for them.
 Fairfax, a Toronto-based insurer, sued the hedge funds in 2006, alleging they acted to harm the company because they were betting its stock price would decline.
 “We’re very rich, but for the next couple of days it’s hard to sell Treasuries because the market has so much momentum,” said Anthony Cronin , a trader at Societe Generale SA in New York , a primary dealer.
” Brazilian central bank President Alexandre Tombini said yesterday that policy makers are “more comfortable” with inflation because annual price increases will slow starting in September.
 The probe proceeded slowly because the pace of infections , which began in March, rose gradually, and there wasn’t evidence of a “cluster” until May, Dr.
 Prosecutor George Lekkas declined comment when reached by telephone at his office, because the case is continuing.
 “I’m reluctant to overreact to some shorter-term weakness, no matter how real it is, because the market has proven to be unbelievably resilient,” Jonathan Golub , the chief U.
 Not ‘Well-Reasoned’ “It’s unlikely I will change my view because we had a bad week or get really excited because we had a good week,” Tobias Levkovich , Citigroup Inc.
 “It’s probably a good idea to have a gut check once in a while, because it makes you review and rethink your process.
 There was less belief a year ago because nobody really believed forward earnings growth.
 The bank, based in Buenos Aires, said that the increase is normal because the country is heading to a presidential election on Oct.
 “You can easily build a case that said that because the pipeline is so rich, that we could get through this period” without having to look outside the company for growth, Jimenez said.
 In a town where every cause and business concern pays for representatives to influence government -- there’s an indoor-tanning association and even a lobby for lobbyists -- the snake group stands out because it must champion a species that gets star billing in horror films.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Obama was glamorous because he was different, and his differences mirrored his audience’s aspirations for the country.
 “Next week we don’t expect to see any major inflows and the demand by oil companies is low because they have good stocks.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 Tombini said yesterday that policy makers are “more comfortable” with inflation because annual price increases will slow starting in September.
 ‘Reluctant to Overreact’ “I’m reluctant to overreact to some shorter-term weakness, no matter how real it is, because the market has proven to be unbelievably resilient,” Jonathan Golub , the chief U.
 New Distance For the second straight day, Woods said his biggest issue with his game is learning to control how far he hits his irons because his swing speed has changed since he began working with coach Sean Foley .
 Two people with knowledge of the transactions confirmed the ECB purchased government bonds today, though they declined to be identified because the trades are confidential.
 This time, a big chunk of special interests will fight in favor of reform -- because the alternative will be worse.
 Luis Oscar Herrera, head of research at Chile’s central bank, said the room for joint action to fight inflows is limited because not all the countries are as financially integrated as his own with the rest of the world.
 “You would think that people would buy gold as a haven now, but they’re selling it because they need to raise cash.
html President Francois Hollande’s 75 percent millionaire-tax is unconstitutional because it fails to guarantee taxpayer equality, France ’s top court ruled today.
 “Politically, this has an impact because it was a symbol for French public opinion, and was considered abroad as the emblem of French tax excess, of French tax hell,” said Dominique Barbet , senior economist at BNP Paribas SA in Paris.
 The request has hit Congress at an awkward time because lawmakers are preoccupied with trying to cobble together a package of spending cuts that would allow them to stave off the so-called fiscal cliff.
 Moffett has said “distribution is king,” rather than content, because network owners will always find a way to get paid.
 Investors are buying office, apartment and industrial buildings along with malls and strip retail centers because returns are higher than for other investments, such as government bonds.
 Axis Bank is managing the sale, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
” The results argue against repealing cuts in Medicare payments, he said, because that may lead to increased charges to private payers as well.
32 million barrels a day in April, about 180,000 barrels more than in March, the person said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “I've found some very good candidates I had to part with because they had obligations,” and a higher salary was more important to them, he said.
 2 at the International Monetary Fund, said he was stepping down for personal reasons, mostly because his family is in the U.
 Many observers have concluded that the error went undetected for so long because the research never underwent peer review, a traditional stop on the way to the coveted goal of publication in a prestigious journal.
 and Italy , the person said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 9 trial of alleged wine counterfeiter Rudy Kurniawan because the harvest will keep them from traveling to New York.
 Denis from Domaine Ponsot that Kurniawan consigned for sale at auction “are fakes because 1982 was the first vintage of Clos St.
 Roumier is expected to testify that the wine is fake because Domaine Roumier did not start making that particular wine until 1952,” Hernandez and Facciponti said.
 “Possibly all three witnesses will be unavailable to testify in September because the trial date coincides with the harvest in Burgundy,” prosecutors said.
 Ponsot, Roumier and del Villaine to the jury because no one else possesses the intimate knowledge that these witnesses have about their respective domaines.
 Dimon shouldn't run the board, because the board is the agent for Dimon's boss, and its first responsibility is to monitor Dimon.
 John Paulson, the biggest investor in the SPDR Gold Trust, told investors in a letter last month that he remained bullish because central-bank stimulus will eventually spur inflation.
 I thought: If I don’t do something here, I’ll always regret it because the Shard dominates -- in a positive way -- the London skyline and whenever I saw it, I’d say to myself, ‘You should have.
 “Pimco believes their future returns will be low because their yields are low, but lots of holders need bonds.
” On EU leadership in the fight against global warming: “I think it’s completely inappropriate to say Europe doesn’t lead on climate protection anymore because the European Parliament decided narrowly against backloading.
 He later said that he, Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov had visited the dorm and left without entering the room because no one was there, according to the U.
 All three people asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Corporations are failing socially and morally, he says, because they feel duty-bound to ignore the vital interests of the many other parties -- employees, suppliers and citizens, to name three -- who have skin in the game even though they haven’t invested capital.
 The people of Texas didn’t vote for him because he promised to keep his head down in deference to his colleagues.
 should rethink that assumption, not merely because Putin’s approach to democracy and human rights is even worse than expected, but also because he has failed to deliver on critical national-security issues, such as Iran , North Korea and Syria .
 “In the past three months the meals have doubled because all the men have lost their jobs,” she said as the smell of garlic, spaghetti sauce and fried chicken filled the air.
 producers also may benefit in the European Union as carbon permits have plunged 48 percent in the past year and lawmakers resist measures to boost the market because it may negatively affect the economy as it tries to recover from recession.
 ‘Calculated Risk’ Jonathan Spyer, a political scientist at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya, Israel, said the Jewish state was betting it could strike because Assad is too mired in his own civil war to carry out the threatened reprisals.
 This may be in part because Gore, by reputation, shuns figurehead appointments for real ones.
 ‘Mogul Al’ The transaction also raised eyebrows because Gore, who has for years inveighed against fossil fuels and their role in climate change, sold the network to a company funded in part by oil-rich Qatar.
” The company had hired Barclays Plc, Banco Bradesco SA and UBS AG to arrange meetings with investors from April 29 to May 1, according to a person familiar with the discussions who asked not to be identified because the meetings were to be private.
 (Financial stocks were left out because they record debt differently on their balance sheets.
 “If you have a lot of debt, you actually get a premium return because your chance of bankruptcy is high,” says de Silva.
 “So short-term leverage predicts better returns, not worse, because those companies are so deeply out of favor.
 “That’s why you have big commercial banks taking quite a bit of share because they have the balance sheets needed to have a broader relationship than just the bond mandate.
 “So they’re paying through time what they can’t pay us through a single shot fee because the fee structure is compressed.
 The deal can happen because there is no antitrust law in Hong Kong, according to Ronny Tong, a lawmaker and a barrister specializing in commercial, shipping and company law.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Critics of immigration legislation say that because recent immigrants are typically less skilled and lower paid than others in the U.
 “I don’t have to go to work really, it’s because I want to,” the Mirror cited Redknapp as saying.
 “Apple didn’t see any reason before, but now it has to expand because Android is growing faster,” he said.
 Evidence demonstrates that the student-aid form has had a substantial, negative effect on college attendance, merely because it is so difficult to complete.
 wireless business isn’t worth the effort because the competition is too entrenched, White said.
 business is undervalued because concerns about technology obsolescence are overblown,” said White, who said he’s in regular contact with the company.
 (BRK\A) ’s reputation as a lender of last resort will get stronger under its next chief executive officer because the company will have more capital to deploy in times of crisis, Warren Buffett said.
6 million Plains shares, views the Freeport proposal as too low, said the person, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 CR’s rejection of the deal is symbolically powerful because the firm is not a traditional activist, he said.
 “It’s very frustrating when a student says I can’t get a paper done on time, or I didn’t come to class, because I was pledging,” said philosophy professor Maurice Wade , adding emphasis to the last word.
 “We see customer demand for the product because it offers flexibility to institutions and traders looking for larger notional size in trades,” Boyle said by phone.
 Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody’s Analytics in West Chester , Pennsylvania, said because households quickly spend their benefits checks, the multiplier effect that money has on GDP one year after a policy change is around 1.
 In California, the reductions will affect about 400,000 people , and because their implementation was delayed until April 28, benefit cuts will total a steeper 18 percent for the rest of fiscal 2013.
 Living with her pregnant daughter, she benefits from a temporary cushion because she pays no rent.
, according to a person familiar with the situation who asked not to be named because the plans are private.
 “It is a pity that I was missing in the courtroom -- because the truth would be told,” Kozeny wrote.
 Easing growth this year may be a “blessing in disguise” because monetary policy might remain accommodative, Citigroup Inc.
 “We may order additional Dreamliners because we have purchase rights for another 30.
 Frank Rich dismantles that argument in this week's New York Magazine, and Jamelle Bouie pondered the implications of it last week: It's a lost cause, in part because the historical record is so voluminous.
3 billion), said one of the people, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 “Real estate developers could be interested in such a deal because the fact that Telefonica is a solvent company lowers the potential risk of the investment,” said Ivan San Felix, a Madrid-based analyst at Renta 4 Banco SA.
 “When you look at the different programs, we find that food stamps and similar programs are really the ones that work, because they are being targeted to individuals who are up against their borrowing constraints and aren't going to work less because they are already unemployed," Reis told me.
 High Commissioner Virendra Gupta said May 3 that his country applied for permission to land the plane at the base because ministers and senior political figures were on board.
 “Our first-quarter numbers already exceeded market expectations because most of our projects are scheduled to enter the market only in the second half of the year,” Sun said.
 “We fully intended for those guys to go, because we had already essentially stripped ourselves of our security presence, or our security capability to the bare minimum,” Hicks said.
 Historic Compromise Moro was targeted because he was one of the principal architects of the 1976 Historic Compromise, an agreement that gave the Communist Party an informal say in the government on the condition they wouldn’t vote against the Christian Democrats.
 The companies are trying to settle differences ahead of July hearings in Arkansas and Louisiana, where commission staff members oppose the deal because it will cost state regulators oversight of line upgrades and capital spending.
15 million in March, said the person with knowledge of the kingdom’s output, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
75 percent minimum on the lending benchmark, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deal is private.
 DDoS attacks can be effective diversions because they can overwhelm fraud-detection systems and banks react strongly to them, out of concern that prolonged website outages will damage their reputations, Kellermann said.
 Pay was 13 percent more than in other industries, and factories favored women because they were seen as better at sewing -- and more compliant.
 New mortgage default rates are highest among so-called “underwater” borrowers, who have negative equity because they owe more on their home than the balance of their loan, said Herb Blecher, senior vice president at LPS Applied Analytics.
 “The American people are very shrewd and they realize it’s a great time to borrow to buy a home because pricing is very cheap.
” The gap between domestic and international gold prices is still large because supply and demand are still imbalanced in the short term, the bank said.
 Lee’s makeover has gotten a lift in part because resurgent stock markets have given wealthy consumers the confidence to go shopping.
 Sales hit $800 million in 2012, exceeding 2007’s previous peak of $750 million, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter is private.
 “The decline in sales was a surprise, because we thought we had touched bottom or close to it in 2011,” said Luca Dondi, head of Nomisma’s real estate research unit.
 There’s no way to know what the ceiling is for the dollar right now, because there is none.
 “I want to take a moment to explain it to you, because I know a lot of you have mixed feelings about what that means, so I hope you’ll listen to what I have to say.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “We need more investment because we need to create jobs.
 Inherently Correct I mention this not because I consider the Bush-Cheney policy inherently correct.
 And just because a terrorist is told he has the right to remain silent, it doesn’t mean he will.
99, as essential not only for protecting the reader but because it creates more of a book-like reading experience.
 A recession in Europe could still hurt Berkshire because it has subsidiaries that operate there as well as bullish derivative bets on equity indexes in the region, said Shields.
 Daily price fluctuations affected the national war effort because rising gold prices directly eroded the value of the federal Treasury.
 James Angel, a professor at Georgetown University ’s business school in Washington who serves on the board of exchange operator Direct Edge Holdings LLC, said Knight’s trouble “underscores that the commission cannot declare victory and go home” just because they have some new rules in the offing.
 They may have been declined because they were for business interruption costs, according to White.
 economy because his policies are flawed.
 The gain cut the hedge fund’s 2012 decline to 17 percent, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “We will be building at a scale sufficient to generate a positive cash flow because right now that would not be true for Coyote Gulch.
 Chairman Koch AFP and its companion Americans for Prosperity Foundation were founded in 2003, and the first few years were rocky because the mission -- economic freedom -- was too broad, said Phillips, who was involved from the beginning and in 2010 was paid $362,532 to serve as president, according to the most recent Internal Revenue Service records.
 Canadian David Marcus was eliminated from the competition because he lost control of his horse, Capital.
 It does so, essentially, because in sculpture size makes a difference.
” Hectoring Entrepreneurs The president’s sermon struck a nerve in part because it marked a sharp departure from the traditional Democratic criticism of financiers and big corporations, instead hectoring the people who own dry cleaners and nail salons, car repair shops and restaurants -- Main Street, not Wall Street .
 “Just because that was cool.
 “We are seeing the ruble weakening a little because risk globally is off the table,” Bruce Bower , a partner at Moscow- based hedge fund Verno Capital, said by phone today before Draghi’s comments.
 “People would like the Fed to do more because I think it would improve the market sentiment a little bit,” said Angus Gluskie , managing director at White Funds Management in Sydney who manages more than $350 million.
 Those decisions, however, didn't disappoint markets as much as the ECB did because only Draghi had made public his ambitions.
 It’s just a very natural move in these economic tight times and to be asked to put Bentley’s into Harrods, I felt happy, because their Food Hall is beautiful.
 officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the talks were private.
 Advocates of the program have argued it benefits both borrowers and taxpayers, because it can be used to avoid costly foreclosures.
 “We were flexible because we thought this was a big company,” she said.
 The company said the sequential gain was because some spending was delayed to the third quarter.
 While the two leaders discussed Syria, Cameron failed to get Putin to change his mind on backing tougher measures to hold Assad accountable, according to a UN Security Council diplomat who asked for anonymity because diplomatic talks are private.
 The shift toward profit and regional or international markets as a driver, rather than poverty and local needs, creates opportunities for conservation because some of the companies involved are sensitive to environmental campaigns, the center said in a blog on its website.
 “Banks now want to turn to mortgage loans because business loans are not going anywhere,” said Alan T.
 In short, the moral dilemma of inequality arises not because some tiny number of people are too rich, but because some large number of people are too poor.
 First of all, when you are talking about the question of seniority will be addressed, presumably because bond purchases are kind of counterproductive if it is not addressed beforehand.
 Among other things, one of the ideas that has been floated today again in the (inaudible), that there could be a secondary buying of bonds by the ECB combined with a primary bond buying by the ESM or the EFSF, which is a bit odd because the EFSF, of course, can’t buy Spain and Italy at the moment.
 Okay, let me reread the passage of my introductory statement because that basically answers your question.
 “The Governing Council within its mandate to maintain price stability over the medium term and in observance of its independence in determining monetary policy,” which means that the goal of the EFSF is a necessary condition, but it is not a sufficient condition because the monetary policy is independent, “may undertake outright open market operations of a size adequate to reach its objective.
 So let me say that this thing - this concept - this guidance that we’ve given to the committees of the ECB differs from the previous program because that is your basically first question, because we have explicit conditionality here.
 But that was one sign which - but I wouldn’t point out only to that symptom only, because there were other symptoms of market fragmentation which tended to worsen the situation.
 We - because we - basically the other part of the guidance is that the relevant committees should examine the other possible measures.
 And I think we’ve sent - or we are about to send, have been asked to send a written response to their account because it was not correct.
 It’s kind of a - so it’s - and this basically is because we are proud of our own independence, but also because maybe they’re not even interested in knowing it.
 The speech was simply - and if you want to know what is the philosophy, because certainly the tone was strong in that speech, and the - I would say the - the stance behind the speech was an affirmation that the euro area is a strong place in the world and that the euro is a strong currency, and it’s irreversible.
 It’s pointless because the euro will stay, and it’s going to be irreversible.
 I’m surprised that you say this because if you do these remarks in London, not anywhere but in London, shouldn’t you expect that the markets exactly interpret in the way they did, and wouldn’t it be perhaps appropriate to have been (ph) a bit more careful there.
 “Most likely they will have to export the gas because it exceeds the domestic consumption.
 Al-Nour rejected a proposal by Prime Minister-designate Hisham Qandil to appoint party member Khaled Alim Eddin as environment minister because the party was not consulted on the Cabinet formation, al-Ahram said, citing senior party member Younis Makhyoun.
 The firms are taking a preliminary look at Knight and chances of a deal are small since Knight’s future is uncertain, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 and Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP for advice in the rescue talks, said one of the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 The company said the initiative wouldn’t succeed because Mason Capital opposed the plan.
 The backlog of new claims from private investors probably will increase in the months ahead, according to the people, who asked for anonymity because mortgage disputes are private.
 It’s pointless because the euro will stay.
” Ukraine’s weather center cut its grain harvest forecast to 43 million tons because hot weather reduced yields, it said July 24.
 because we have the rule of law.
 Some employees whose jobs are eliminated find work elsewhere in their companies and many announced staff reductions never take place because business improves.
 “It’s hard to say that things could get worse because the jails are so bad,” said Mark Ungar, a professor at the City University of New York in Brooklyn who studies Latin American prisons.
 to canvass potential buyers, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the matter is private.
 “Inventories are actually dropping partly because homes are filling up –- not just because people or banks are unable or unwilling to put homes on the market,” Kolko said.
 “The soybean market still is very, very nervous because the supply side scenario is a lot tighter.
 My aim is to promote my country, to represent proudly my flag and I’ll do my best because I trained hard for this event.
 InterDigital has said it asked the ITC to block imports of Nokia (NOK1V) ’s 3G phones because the Espoo, Finland-based company refuses to pay patent royalties on networks that allow mobile- phone users to hold videoconferences, download music and browse the Internet.
 McGill told the court he would not participate in settlement discussions because his religious beliefs made it impossible for him to compromise his position on the use of the name.
 “It’s hard to tell whether the government eventually will, because they still put economic growth as a priority.
 Low interest rates may pressure employers to seek to transfer their obligations, because it is harder for companies to generate returns on funds set aside for pension liabilities, Wheeler said.
 Insurers are well equipped to take on the contracts because they are used to managing large pools of assets and have experience dealing with risk tied to life expectancies , Newark, New Jersey-based Prudential has said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “He’s such an attractive target comedically because more than any other candidate in my lifetime, he just wants to be president.
’ -- Mitt Romney, every time Jar Jar Binks appears on screen”) or a cretinous bigot (“@MittRomney I don’t care about gays marrying but they shouldn’t be allowed on straight planes because then I have to breathe gay air.
 He’s an ardent supporter of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act -- a serious car accident in 2002 required multiple surgeries that left him with staggering medical bills because he lacked health insurance.
 Japanese Bonds One of the central bank’s key monetary-policy tools, an asset-purchase program, is encountering difficulties because the BOJ wants to buy more Japanese government bonds than holders of the securities are prepared to sell.
 Security expert Bruce Schneier has argued that hot lines between cyber commands, on the Cold War nuclear model, could help prevent accidental exchanges, especially because the provenance of cyberattacks is often hard to determine.
 San Bernardino officials sped up the timing of the bankruptcy filing because they were concerned that some creditors may take legal action against the city, Mayor Patrick J.
 Paul International Airport because he was on the way to Washington for a session of Congress at the time.
 ‘Market Direction’ Ohio Republican Jim Jordan , head of the fiscally conservative Republican Study Committee, said he opposed the drought measure because the U.
 Proceeds from the sale of the first-lien debentures, which increased from $750 million, will be used for general corporate purposes, according to a person familiar with the transaction, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “Citic Securities has to expand overseas because that will help it better serve its clients as Chinese companies grow and expand.
 After 30 years of sitting on government committees on agricultural reform, Honma said he has seen almost none because JA, the bureaucrats and rural politicians want to maintain their power above all else.
 The revenue is a key indicator of a retailer’s growth because new and closed sites are excluded.
 “There is a real correlation with the real-estate market because people have to sell their houses to move in,” said Alan Schankel, head of fixed-income research at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, an investment bank in Philadelphia.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 India’s energy system is more susceptible to them because its ordinary performance is so bad.
 Department of Housing and Urban Development officials cited the turnaround to lawmakers today as Democrats push for a Senate vote on Carol Galante’s nomination to head the agency, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “It’s hard to tell whether the government eventually will, because they still put economic growth as a priority.
 The transaction would include debt from the 18-time Italian champion, said the people, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
” The EU banned the use of virginiamycin in feed because it can result in antibiotic resistance of bacteria, the food-safety authority wrote.
 Expanding production in China is crucial because locally built autos are exempt from import duties that can add more than 25 percent to the price tag.
 A defense lawyer cross-examined Motey today, trying to show that Whitman thought the information he was getting from Motey wasn’t confidential because it had been widely disclosed.
 This also makes sense, because when these extraordinary women and men playing girls and boys start moving, you don’t want anything to get in their way.
 “In regards to suggestions that I have praised the Glazer family because I stand to financially benefit from the proposed IPO, there is not a single grain of truth in this allegation,” Ferguson said in a statement released by Manchester United today.
 At the same time, richer economies have less need to play host because they already have such amenities as transport systems.
 Construction Costs Basing a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier at HMAS Stirling would “require significant construction costs” because the port is not nuclear carrier-capable, according to the report.
 That brought opposition from some Democrats because the measure is financed through cuts to conservation programs.
 Rodriguez said he believed he was cited because he is Hispanic.
 Shoppers in their late twenties and early thirties, the so-called millennials, are particularly susceptible to such pitches, because they lack the means to make big donations and they admire brands that embody their save-the- planet ethos, according to Mara Einstein, whose book Compassion, Inc.
 Sales of BOBS shoes also can sport higher profit margins than other Skechers goods because they cost much less to make, says Wedbush’s Freedman.
 Some of the refugees were previously in Ghana and preferred to travel on to Togo because it is French speaking, he said.
 “It will empower victims of sexual abuse in France because if a maid can speak against a powerful man, others will have a stronger voice.
 Now is exactly the right time to raise borrowing costs because any increase would only show an impact on the economy in a year,” he said.
 ‘National Interests’ “It’s a difficult process because there are a lot of national interests,” Carstens said on Radio Formula.
 Seeing Red Lee was studying for a master’s degree at Chelsea College of Art and Design in London when he started painting in red -- the color he saw through the night-vision goggles, because it also matched the beauty and horror playing on his emotions.
 The chief pilot, Captain Marc Dubois, was not in the cockpit when the Airbus A330 ’s sensors malfunctioned, causing the autopilot to disengage over the Atlantic Ocean, said the people, who declined to be identified because the investigation is still confidential.
html The cost of buying land to build nuclear reactors may increase by as much as 10 percent because the earthquake and tsunami in Japan on March 11 will force developers to buy in safer areas, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Nuclear Energy Agency .
 The board says growers should sell their leaves to the state because cultivation is financed by government revenue.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” On the Australian stock impact: “The adverse reaction in the Australian markets might have been magnified because the latest European debt problems are occurring at a time when the worry list for investors is now very long, and includes the ending of QE2 in the US, soft recent U.
 The decline through May 15 was softened by a 10 percent gain in the first two weeks of this month, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the fund is private.
 Operational disruptions can also depress prices for crude oil because less feedstock is needed.
 “She got to where she is because she produced outstanding results,” says Newton, now a director at Veritas Asset Management in London.
 So-called same-store sales are considered a key gauge of retail performance because they strip out the impact of store closings and openings.
 Yandex’s spokesman Ochir Mandzhikov declined to comment today because Securities and Exchange Commission rules require a quiet period before an IPO.
 ‘Cheap’ Stocks Russian stocks are “cheap,” trading at a discount to other emerging-market equities relative to earnings because investors view Russia as a riskier market, said Hugo Bain, senior investment manager at London-based Pictet Asset Management, which has about $1.
 “I was being very cautious, because I knew that De Bakker has quality, good serve, can play well on the clay courts.
 “We have some concerns going into the third quarter because one of the things that kept inflation down domestically is the diesel subsidy,” Andy Jenwipakul, managing director of the research group at SCB Securities Co.
 We also found a lot of customers enjoyed a higher ride in the car in the busy streets of Beijing and Shanghai because you have a much better view of the traffic situation.
0-liter engine used in the carmaker’s Chinese model is in short supply because the factory which makes the motor, which is used as well in other Volkswagen group SUVs sold in China , can’t keep up with the demand.
 Moon, in his ruling, said the Anti-Injunction Act wouldn’t apply because Congress specifically chose not to label violations of the health insurance mandate as taxes when drafting the law.
 We had to make our own antenna to listen to America radio because in Cuba, the antenna is too short.
 Le Maire said last month Australia was “reticent” about any accord on agriculture within the framework of the G-20 because it questioned the legitimacy of the group as a forum to discuss the subject.
2 million square feet (297,000 square meters) of space and are about 96 percent occupied, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The agriculture minister opposes a government plan to tax grain exports because it would disadvantage farmers, he said, according to Le Monde.
 The infrequent trading in the Fifth Third TruPS will make the investigation more difficult because they most likely are bought and sold through market makers and dealers, he said.
 said the stocks will be higher in 12 months because the publication of a rule linking federal student aid to gainful employment will settle a controversy that has discouraged investment, and enrollment will start to rebound in the third quarter.
 judges who last week delivered a report on super-injunctions, questioned whether “it is a very good idea for our lawmakers to be in effect flouting a court order just because they disagree with the order.
 Brinkema rejected the infringement claims last week after determining the two competing technologies weren’t the same because the Rolls-Royce patent covers a fan stage with three sweep regions, while Pratt fans have four, according to the opinion.
 “I couldn’t refuse because he put it in my pocket,” Blatter said, unbuttoning the golden buttons of his navy sports jacket to reveal a pocket.
 “We’re due for a period of some confusion because implementation seems to be happening in a drip-drip fashion at the moment,” said Sally Annereau, a data privacy analyst with Taylor Wessing LLP in London.
 Greece would also need to outline new deficit cuts to persuade European governments and the International Monetary Fund to offer loans on top of last year’s 110 billion-euro package, said the person, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are in progress.
 The use of state holdings or asset-sale revenue as collateral, as sought by countries including Finland , probably won’t work because that would rule out using that money to pay down debt, the person close to the talks said.
 Administrative Posts Third, because each Cabinet department has its own heavy layer of top administrative jobs -- the alphabet soup of CTOs, CFOs, CIOs, IGs, GCs, CAOs, PROs, and so on -- collapsing the departments could allow for the elimination of countless administrative, non-programmatic officials and their staffs.
 All can credibly challenge Obama on the economy: Romney and Huntsman because of their business backgrounds, Pawlenty and Huntsman because their states did relatively well under their leadership during the worst of the recession.
 Partly it’s because the number of serious contenders is small.
 He has to be offstage because nobody onstage is perfect.
 He also has to be offstage because not running is part of his perfection.
 As we headed back to the capital of Stanley, Derek paused and said, “I prefer wildlife tours because I think that is what the islands should be about.
” After the dictatorship led by Augusto Pinochet ended in 1990 with the presidency of Patricio Aylwin, Chileans were reluctant to delve into the past because coup participants were still politically active and ran the military, said Patricio Navia , a specialist in Chilean politics at New York University .
 “People previously didn’t want to look into the past too carefully because it would destabilize the emerging democracy,” Navia said.
 Constitution guaranteeing equal protection under the law because so many students in the affected districts are minorities.
 “It’s going to be a challenging sale because there are still problems with the Spanish economy and the real-estate market.
 We need to diversify because the local market is squeezed.
 “The sale announcement is positive because will help the government bridge the gap in its finances as a result of the revolution,” said Wael Ziada, head of research at EFG-Hermes Holding SAE, Egypt’s biggest publicly traded investment bank.
 “At the moment the aid is welcome because Egypt has no choice but to go to the international market to get the economy back on its feet.
 The court vacated the agency’s finding of no violation of two other patents because they have expired.
 (6665) of Tokyo because the company bought its products from firms that already had a license with Tessera, exhausting the patent rights.
 The world’s largest software company told judges at an appeal hearing today that the 2008 European Commission fine was “especially unfair” because the regulator failed to give it sufficient guidance to avoid the fine.
” Compete With Microsoft The only reason why competitors wanted the inter- operability information from Microsoft was not to add features to their products, it was because rivals needed to be able to compete, said Thomas Vinje, a lawyer who spoke on behalf of some of the interveners, including International Business Machines Corp.
, plans to start trading in Hong Kong as early as in the fourth quarter, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMorgan and UBS will manage the Hong Kong sale, said the people, who declined to be identified because the process is private.
 The plant is in a zone that was ordered evacuated May 15 because flooding was expected.
 “We need to diversify because the local market is squeezed.
 Just because everyone can now trade oil -- Mom, Pop and Aunt Erma, too -- doesn’t mean they should, he argues, determined to dissuade the very people who are most likely to buy his book.
 “There’s no tradition of unionization, and because with a new plant, there are no grievances that are being brought up,” he said.
” Tonya Higgins, 40, said she left a job at a steel manufacturer for VW because it seemed like a better opportunity.
 DiMaio Ahmad manages almost $3 billion, including hedge funds, two people familiar with the firm said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 (GS) plans to start as early as July a private real estate investment trust with as much as 50 billion yen to invest in office buildings, and some residential and retail properties mainly in the Tokyo metropolitan area, two people familiar with the situation said last month, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 The company is dropping its preparations to bid for Poland’s state-owned carrier Polskie Linie Lotnicze LOT SA because the deal would contribute little to its growth plans or shareholder value, the carrier said June 1 after the close of trading.
 Selling its stake in Oklahoma City-based Chesapeake Midstream, which was spun off two years ago, may be the wrong move because the pipeline partnership offers a steady source of income, said John Cusick, an analyst with Wunderlich Securities in New York.
 A transaction fell through because the credit portfolio lacked proper documentation, he said, adding that the company has enough liquidity to meet all its obligations, which include 2.
 Bauer’s lawyer, Michael Bachner , argued that his client deserved leniency for his charitable acts and because he has given 147 speeches to students and traders warning about insider trading since his arrest.
 Trust Abused Hayden said she judged Kluger more harshly because he abused his position of trust as a lawyer.
html The case of a Saudi woman who was ordered by the religious police to leave a mall because she was wearing nail polish is under investigation, Al Riyadh said, citing Sheikh Abdul Latif al-Asheikh, the squad’s chief.
 Michele Davis, a spokeswoman for Paulson, said he wrote the letter because Schapiro asked for his views on the issue.
 Blackstone, based in New York , owns about $1 billion of junior debt on the real estate, putting it in a position to wrest control if Walton Street defaults, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 That’s likely because the properties, known as the CalWest portfolio, are now worth less than the $2.
 That’s because the larger insects were dragonflies, which are active during the day, and bats are active at night, he said.
 The Edwards jury didn’t, in part because defense lawyers shifted the focus to ex-campaign aide Andrew Young, who acted as a go- between on transactions involving Mellon and Baron and used some of their money to build his own $1.
 The trial is recessed today because U.
 Blankfein said he thought he’d have difficulty getting back to the courthouse in lower Manhattan because the meal was being held in Yonkers.
 Because Europe is in trouble and because the Republican Congress has adopted the European economic policy,” Clinton said.
” Different Ideas “With any and all surrogates, there is always the challenge that those who will be the most respected because they have their own platform, their own constituency and their own ideas, will also be the surrogates most likely not to adhere directly to the talking points,” said Christopher Lehane, who was press secretary to former Vice President Al Gore ’s 2000 presidential campaign.
 It would be very difficult to find because on some days, I was in and out of millions of shares.
 Even so, the municipality of 30 million people may be the only local government to introduce such incentives because some other cities, including Beijing, discourage growth in the number of vehicles, said Laprise.
 “We’re piling tighter standards on top of already tight credit standards, and because you have so many different entities responsible for making these rules no one is really looking at the interaction,” said Goodman, who’s based in New York and is a member of the Fixed Income Analysts Society’s Hall of Fame.
html Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz said the election of Mitt Romney as president in November would “significantly” raise the odds of a recession because it would herald a shift to a much tighter budget .
 The company said it could market the Prolift without approval because it was so similar to the already approved Gynecare Gynemesh, Morgan Liscinsky, an FDA spokeswoman, said in March.
 Lower grain prices will help contain inflation because rice is a staple for more than 3 billion people.
 Prices are now dropping because the harvest will be so big that exports can still expand 23 percent, allowing Thailand to overtake India and Vietnam as the world’s biggest shipper, the USDA estimates.
 The Thai program may be less effective than planned because inventories already exceed 10 million tons, space is scarce and funding is constrained, Alliance Commodities’ Ciss said.
 Wilpon and Katz in March also agreed to pay $162 million to settle a $1 billion lawsuit from Irving Picard, the trustee responsible for liquidating Bernard Madoff’s defunct firm, over whether the Mets’ owners and others blinded themselves to Madoff’s Ponzi scheme because it benefited their businesses financially.
 and Petroleo Brasileiro SA, or Petrobras (PETR4) , said two people with knowledge of the deal, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 They declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Russia’s TNK-BP offered to sell 100,000 metric tons of East Siberia-Pacific Ocean crude, or ESPO, for loading July 13 to July 18, said two traders who participate in the market, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Treasury Department made by Bloomberg News for more of the correspondence between the district and the IRS was denied April 13, 2012, because tax records are confidential.
 “It’s having disastrous effects on the supply chain because you have to have steel in the ground by Dec.
 The study may not have found an improvement in survival because patients who failed on placebo were allowed to switch over to regorafenib, Demetri said.
 While family recoveries, the weighted average of the recoveries for all of the individual debt pieces, are almost equal in the two groups, the bank debt in the buyout defaults recovered less because it had a smaller cushion of subordinated debt.
 “Bank debt tends to recover at a higher rate than unsecured bonds, but the more that bank debt is a percentage of the deal, it recovers less because the debt cushion is less.
 That’s not the case with private hospitals, said Ruth Grant, a retired physician whose son with schizophrenia has been rejected by two private hospitals because he can be unruly and violent.
” Supporters of clean-energy programs said Konarka’s collapse shows Romney is being hypocritical for criticizing Obama’s support for renewable-energy subsidies because some projects fail.
 “The Walker administration obviously came out with the data because they saw that the data was more favorable to them,” Chowdhury said in a telephone interview.
 Without such an order, Hewlett-Packard estimates it should be awarded more than $4 billion in damages, based on an extrapolation to 2020 that accounts for projected losses, said the person, who didn’t want to be identified because the court document containing the damages request is confidential.
 “The machines make a lot of sense because when you expand your installed base of machines you can be sure people will buy your coffee as well.
 “Spanish bond yields are stabilizing a bit because people in the market are expecting some kind of policy response to the problem,” said Luca Cazzulani , a senior fixed-income strategist at UniCredit SpA in Milan.
 “This is going to affect production next year, because farmers will probably decide to plant less cotton.
 Rusal, the world’s largest aluminum producer, and Polymetal International Plc will benefit because they earn in dollars while the bulk of their costs are in rubles, Morgan Stanley analysts said in an e-mailed note.
 The Menlo Park , California-based company hasn’t made a final decision on whether or how to give access to children younger than 13 years old, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “We must make a special effort for the low-wage workers, because they are the ones most affected by competition, by inflation,” according to a text of the speech.
” The government should amend the permit system because it favors the rich, Chee Soon Juan, head of the opposition Singapore Democratic Party, said before last week’s announcement.
 “People with needs, and the guy who runs a small family business, are pitted against this wealthy family that’s buying a third car for the teenage son because he had just done well in his exams.
 Industry groups said the requirements are too onerous, in part because they require actions many drillers are already taking.
 While China seeks to boost the use of cleaner fuels such as gas, retail price caps are discouraging energy companies from increasing supplies because they have to pay international rates and sell at a loss on the domestic market.
 LNG supplies as relatively risky because export terminals require government approval, creating uncertainty, he said.
 must overhaul its tax system because lower rates on investment income unfairly punish wage- earners, Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz said.
 “If you have a tax system in which people at the very top pay half the rate of somebody who is working hard for their income simply because they get their income from speculation, that’s an unfair system,” said Stiglitz, 69, who won the Nobel Prize in economics in 2001.
 Gupta because he had not held up to his side of the management of the fund,” Kumar said of Gupta’s comments to him in 2009.
 “Emergency talks for the G7 are a little bit dangerous because they raise expectations,” Ole Hansen, senior manager of trading advisory at Saxo Bank A/S, said by phone from Copenhagen.
 (RDSA) Crude is dipping because the geopolitical factors that drove it higher are becoming less dominant, he said at the World Gas Conference in Kuala Lumpur today.
 Collins: I can’t speak for Maureen but the reason I use humor is because I got my start covering the Connecticut State Legislature.
 But something else must trigger depression, because when we saw them, they were quite well.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 And he also changed a lot of other industries, because he spoke to a lot of management teams about sustainability.
 securities law for allegedly putting investors’ money into Bernard Madoff ’s brokerage because the investments were made outside the U.
 Bonds of the highest-rated nonfinancial issuers were most insulated from shocks in Europe because they tend not to rely on foreign financing, the paper said.
 Among financial companies, bonds with higher ratings were more vulnerable because highly rated banks tend to be larger and more involved in global capital markets , the authors said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “It enables us to take a little bit larger exposure than we would otherwise because the liquidity is better.
 Airlines prize business travelers because they fly frequently, often at the highest, last-minute fares.
 Victory Park Capital , a Chicago-based private equity firm, helps fund the loans, according to a person briefed on their business arrangements who spoke on condition of anonymity because the contract is private.
 Commissioner Julie Brill told National Association of Attorneys General on March 6 that her agency and the consumer bureau will cooperate on the issue because in the payday lending business, ‘‘the actors have moved online into tribal relationships.
 “Internet lending is a broader area where I know states are frustrated because I know when I was a state attorney general, I was frustrated with it,” Cordray said.
 Some Native Americans have embraced online lending in part because sovereign immunity limits the reach of state consumer- protection laws, and only Congress can modify this immunity.
 ‘Predatory Lending’ In a position paper on its website, the congress states that it opposes “predatory lending” because many Native Americans are especially vulnerable to its abuses in the absence of mainstream financial institutions, such as banks.
 “He shames everyone but you can’t disown him because he is family.
 “I’m not a huge fan of the so-called foreign-local-bank strategy because that means you have to compete against these strong Chinese banks on all fronts and end up without having any focus,” Huang Xiaoguang, president of Bank of America in China, said in a February interview.
 A majority of responses on the Internet were against the planned international board, because people said supporting small Chinese companies is more urgent, Xinhua said, citing Xiang Weida, director of research at Great Wall Securities.
 $4 Billion Without such an order, Hewlett-Packard estimates it should be awarded more than $4 billion in damages, based on an extrapolation to 2020 that accounts for projected losses, said the person, who didn’t want to be identified because the court document containing the damages request is confidential.
 Demand for biodiesel in North American will grow because U.
 New Champion Li’s exit means there will be a new women’s title holder because no former Roland Garros champions are left in the draw.
 for two weeks because the MTN Group Ltd.
 That holds down borrowing costs for local issuers because investors accept lower yields for the tax break.
 Facebook is looking at ways to let younger children use its website, though the company hasn’t made a final decision on whether or how to give them access, said a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Healthy Banks More Spanish banks are in favor of seeking European funds for ailing lenders because neither the banking system nor the government can afford to absorb the losses, said Ureta.
” he said before being cut off because the response was considered confidential.
 The acquisition makes sense even if the law is overturned, because more employers are handing insurance-purchasing decisions to individual workers, the CFO said.
” A shortage of industry production capacity for 28-nanometer technology won’t affect company revenue because clients can use 40-nanometer technology instead, Segars said.
 I believe that online services will continue to expand their share of the travel business because the traditional travel-agent model is flawed.
 I still like it, partly because the stock sells for less than book value, or assets minus liabilities per share.
” Deutsche Boerse’s board isn’t currently considering raising its bid, according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity because the deliberations are private.
 16 that applications from companies including Swan and Unitech should have been rejected because they were ineligible.
 Germany needs to consolidate its budget because it has a stabilizing role for the euro area, Stark wrote in Handelsblatt.
 Persian Gulf oil producers are seeking new ways to generate power because they prefer exporting valuable crude to maximize income and allocating natural gas to make petrochemicals.
 “We do hope that this discovery will lead to the retrieval and the reading of the two recorders because these data are essential for the understanding of this accident.
 “If you have a big Japanese equities business, those five days were difficult, because you have inventory and your clients ask you to fall on the sword, and that’s a cost of doing business.
 Trading volume, an indicator of performance, may not correlate directly with firms’ revenue because banks make money on changes in the value of the securities they hold and transaction fees that may not be related to volume.
 When he tried to tell a group of ordinary folks inflation was under control because technology prices continue to fall, members of the crowd asked him when he last went grocery shopping.
 The BOJ said the figures weren’t robust because only 2,618 responded after the disaster compared with 7,998 before.
 Banks would be able to hold Treasuries because their safety and liquidity makes them suitable capital under regulations designed to prevent a repeat of the global financial crisis.
 16 that applications from companies including Swan Telecom and Unitech should have been rejected because they were ineligible.
 “Dealing with the curtain going up is a novel experience for me because coming from a recording company everything is for the can,” he says.
 ING is in talks with several potential bidders, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The three companies withdrew because they did not agree with some contractual issues, including the 25 percent share in revenue of the Syrian state and its monopoly over infrastructure for seven years, according to a telecommunications ministry statement today.
 has said that the mandatory-coverage provision is the linchpin of the law because it will add many younger and healthier people to the pool of the insured population.
 Producers haven’t kept pace with demand because reserves are becoming harder to find and ore quality is declining, meaning less copper is extracted from each ton of rock.
 “I’m still skeptical if Medvedev can do it, because the resistance from the companies and these specific individuals is significant,” said Navalny, who pointed out that shareholder meetings must be held to carry out the management changes.
, the largest Texas electricity retailer, posted its 14th quarterly loss in less than five years because energy contracts dropped in value and cool weather cut power demand.
 Bisaro, 46, is an ``ideal'' choice to lead Watson because he has 15 years of experience at Woodcliff Lake , New Jersey-based Barr, which also makes generic and brand-name medicines, Chao said.
 The mayor said the gasoline shortage “should be much less of a problem in the coming days, both because the subways are now back in service and fewer people will drive, and because of several other developments.
 A woman told me that she was afraid to say at the beauty parlor that she favored Obama because all the other women there -- including some who had backed Obama in 2008 -- were for Romney.
  Several also identified women who had voted for the 2008 Republican ticket of John McCain and Sarah Palin, but were now going for Obama because they were genuinely worried about Romney's stance on women's issues.
 If the president wins, it will be because thousands of people like Julie and Jenny executed across Ohio and other battleground states.
, according to a person familiar with the deal who declined to be identified because the details are private.
 “Looking for a job was challenging because when you really want to find something that fits you, you have to put in the leg work,” said Padilla, who dedicated 15 to 20 hours a week to the search.
 I feel bad because so many people need a job.
 They said they were delighted because they had reservations for a hotel in town and had assumed they would not be able to keep them.
 Now we can no longer do this” because the country has become a democracy that respects rule of law, Ben Abbes said.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy, a spokesman said.
 Utilities are taking longer to assess damage and make repairs because the extent of damage from Sandy far exceeds the destruction caused by Irene, said Brian Wolff, a senior vice president of the Edison Electric Institute, a Washington-based group representing publicly traded power companies.
 “I’m not trying to do it just because we did it last year,” Mott said.
 “There is some re-pricing because people were expecting a hike,” said Roberto Melzi , a Latin America strategist at Barclays Capital Inc.
 The person declined to give a value for the offer or to be identified because the process is not public.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Unveillance had information on the so-called botnets because it was tracking them for potential corporate targets, Hijazi said in an interview.
 LulzSec had leverage to make Hijazi comply because it had hacked his Wilmington, Delaware-based company’s e-mail system and threatened to post captured confidential documents online if he didn’t help the group.
” “From the outset, we understood that there was no possibility of controlling Hermes because the family shareholders spoke for 70 percent of the company,” LVMH deputy chairman Pierre Gode said May 30 at Hermes’s shareholder meeting.
 Military Base The June 9 bombing of a village in the southern state of Unity may have been because some of the Southern Sudanese army fighters at a military base there are from Southern Kordofan, Aguer said yesterday by phone from Juba.
 Demand for allowances is down because power-plant pollution has dropped below required levels, said Paul Tesoriero, director of environmental trading at Evolution Markets LLC in White Plains, New York.
” Prosecutors said both should receive shorter terms than the maximums because they admitted their crimes and helped the government in its case against Lee Farkas , Taylor Bean’s former chairman.
 dollar a “total disaster” in the long term, said he’s buying the greenback because markets are increasingly pessimistic about the currency.
 Aristolochic acids, found in herbal products used to treat arthritis and gout, were also listed as a known carcinogen because they can cause bladder or urinary-tract cancer in people with kidney disease .
 Cigarette smokers face higher risks of exposure than others because the smoke contains styrene, the agency said.
 Uncertainty at Lunch I confess to my buddy that I’m not sure anymore whether I can eat at the local Thai place for lunch, because they use lots of sprouts in every dish.
 The country won’t issue foreign bonds in the year through June because it has already secured the funds from a range of lenders, it said.
 Mobius, who oversees about $50 billion as the Singapore- based executive chairman of Templeton Emerging Markets Group, said periods of political turmoil haven’t caused “long-term” selling of Thai stocks because investors have become accustomed to conflict after more than 25 prime ministers, 18 constitutions and 11 successful coups since 1932.
50 apiece, the people said, declining to be identified because details are private.
 Life insurance sells well in the country in part because an aversion to stock market investment among the Japanese has limited the growth of other products like mutual funds, Baird said.
 Demand over the past week has been “solid” and that may continue next week because oil companies will need to start hiring vessels for loading in July, London-based E.
 An offer would have to be at least $9 billion, or more than Foster’s current market value, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 and Deutsche Bank AG on lining up financing for a potential purchase, said the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 “It’s too early to tell the impact of those payments because we have relatively little data,” he said.
 Human Rights Watch spokesman Joe Stork called the fact- finders’ recommendation to hold the race “highly questionable” because there remains evidence of repression in the country.
” Compliance Policy Dodd-Frank Deadline May Create ‘Black Hole,’ Roberts Says Swaps users may face a “black hole” when Dodd-Frank Act rules take effect next month because too much remains unresolved for markets to operate properly, the Senate Agriculture Committee’s top Republican said.
 Bank watchdogs from across the European Union are scheduled to vote as soon as this month on a replacement for Bafin’s Sabine Lautenschlaeger, who must step down from her role at the EBA because she agreed to join the Bundesbank.
 AT&T in 2009 complained to the FCC that its television customers in Connecticut couldn’t watch high-definition broadcasts of the Knicks and other sports teams because Cablevision unfairly withheld the programming.
 BlackRock disagrees, saying it expects the biggest decrease to come from energy because Exxon Mobil Corp.
” The economy will probably recover from recent weakness in part because a surge in commodity prices, the earthquake in Japan and “severe weather” in the U.
 The arrests will have “little overall impact” in slowing the group’s activities because many of the accused hackers are minors and are widely dispersed geographically, said John D’Arcy , an assistant professor of information-technology management at the University of Notre Dame .
 “This is because at low valuations, an acquirer could simply liquidate the trading balance sheet, pay off the liabilities and walk away with more cash than they paid for the company.
 The economy will probably recover from recent weakness in part because a surge in commodity prices, the March earthquake in Japan and “severe weather” in the U.
 Indonesia is attractive to Norilsk because the country is rich in mineral resources and cheap labor, Strzhalkovsky said.
 Profit Guidance Norilsk’s net income this year will likely be similar to its 2010 profit of “more than $5 billion” because nickel prices have declined almost 8 percent this year, while copper, platinum and palladium have been “decent,” he said.
 Product futures are vulnerable to changes in Brent because refineries on the U.
 The next spending package will be on “a considerably big scale” because Japan needs to end deflation as well as rebuild from the record March earthquake and tsunami, Seiji Maehara , 49, said in an interview yesterday in Tokyo.
, operator of the crippled Fuskushima Dai-Ichi nuclear plant, “cannot be legally liquidated” because the utility has a regional monopoly and is the sole provider of electricity.
 The reviews should be extended to more banks because many need the discipline of looking at capital needs over longer time horizons, he said.
 “Also, banks are reluctant to lend one another cash because they should meet capital-adequacy ratio requirements as the quarter-end approaches.
 ‘Accessing Credit’ Howard Marks, Oaktree’s chairman, and Kenneth Kencel, Churchill’s president and chief executive officer, declined to comment because the funds are in a quiet period before the IPOs.
 As much as 80 percent of vegetables are being destroyed in some areas because there is no market for them, Copa-Cogeca, a farm lobby group based in Brussels, said June 7 in a report.
 (ANG) , the world’s third-biggest gold miner, said its Geita mine in Tanzania won’t be affected because an existing arrangement is valid for the life of the mine.
 Philip Mpango, executive director of the commission, said in an interview yesterday that he couldn’t immediately comment on the report because he was heading to a meeting.
 Republicans oppose the governor’s proposal because it would extend tax and fee increases set to end June 30.
 “If this bill is implemented, you better buy some U-Haul stock because businesses are going to be packing up and leaving this state en masse,” said Republican Senator Tony Strickland of Moorpark.
 If such a budget is sent to him and he rejects it, lawmakers would still get paid because the new law just requires them to send a budget to the governor.
 DeTienne says she knows several executives at top companies who express enthusiasm about hiring Mormon employees, in part because they are often faithfully married, which tends to make them “more mature and better at managing their time, establishing priorities, working hard.
 Slim, 71, visited the commission’s offices last week to present his case against the rural-fee rule change to officials, said a person with direct knowledge of the matter who could not be named because the meeting was private.
 UniSource is bringing backup power supplies online, starting local natural gas-fueled plants that don’t always run because it costs more to produce power from those units than it does to get electricity over the threatened transmission lines, Joe Salkowski, a Tucson Electric Power Co.
 Bove suggested less than a month ago that clients sell the firm’s stock because the U.
” Bove also said it was "becoming apparent" that Blankfein "did not misrepresent to the Senate Committee because Goldman was not net short at the time the firm was accused of misrepresenting its position.
” Gates departed from Brussels today, making his last flight home from an overseas trip as defense secretary on a C-17 military transport aircraft because his usual converted Boeing 747, called the E4B, experienced a mechanical problem on the ground.
3 billion euros of secured loans from banks and funds, said the person, who declined to be identified because the transaction is private.
 Anglo American Plc (AAL) : De Beers Chairman Nicky Oppenheimer said demand for diamonds will exceed production for at least the next five years because no one is starting a new mine.
 “That is simply because there are no new mines.
 The reviews should be extended to more banks because many need the discipline of looking at capital needs over longer time horizons, he said.
 As much as 80 percent of vegetables are being destroyed in some areas because there is no market, according to Copa-Cogeca.
 “I joined Governor Pawlenty’s campaign because I knew he could put his record before voters everywhere,” Matt Whitaker, his top Iowa hand, said in a statement.
 Virtual Wall For monetarists, all the Fed’s quantitative easing hasn’t translated into broad money supply growth, because banks are holding onto excess reserves and corporations are sitting on cash.
 They argue that because American soccer official Chuck Blazer made the initial bribery allegation, an investigator from another country should be selected.
 A medic from the ambulance, who declined to give her name because authorities have forbidden press contact, said increasing numbers of women and children have come from Syria in recent days.
 The European Central Bank may announce a range of measures tomorrow to stimulate bank lending, said three euro-area officials with knowledge of policy makers’ deliberations, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Switching to 100 percent spot indexation or de-linking oil and gas prices “is unacceptable to gas producers because it will create opportunities for predatory pricing.
 universities’ access to the vast pools of global wealth in the taxable bond market is credit positive because it gives them additional channels to raise money and greater flexibility in how to spend it.
 Adjusting to it has become harder because the government has nailed itself to its budget framework.
 says it won’t agree because China , the world’s biggest emitter, and other fast-growing economies aren’t willing to do their equal share under such a pact.
 The Paris-based International Energy Agency said last month that delaying a global deal to protect climate is a “false economy” because costs to deal with increasing greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will surge.
, a unit of Japan ’s third- largest bank, may buy “cheap” Chinese banks and developers because they may outperform in a rebound for stocks as inflation eases, Masahiko Ejiri, a fund manager , said in an interview yesterday.
” Potential hot spots for sales are asset management and private-banking operations, because regulations for the businesses make deals more feasible for nonbank buyers.
 The test will reveal that their capital situation improved thanks to profits in the third quarter, the person said, declining to be identified because the results, to be released later today, are not yet public.
 Options for the ECB include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Using renewable energy sources would reduce the need for fossil fuel shipments that must come from southern Canada by plane or boat because there are no roads or rail links to the region.
 Italy and Spain opted out of the plans because they objected to the language system proposals.
 “People say consumer spending can’t be sustained because the savings rate is falling, but they have it wrong,” LaVorgna, a former economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said in an interview yesterday.
 “A cut would be justified in the context of their monetary policy framework and the models they refer to, because moves in the rate target inflation one year from now,” Atanasijevic said.
 (TECUA) of Ann Arbor , Michigan, wasn’t fined because it told the EU about the cartel.
7 billion, and Alliant would be a “great combination” because Wisconsin Energy would be able to add customers in Iowa and Minnesota, he said.
 “I was attracted to the event because Share Our Strength is a great charity I support, and it was an opportunity to take my cuisine to Napa,” said Mendes, a Mediterranean specialist.
 Natixis sold a $419 million piece rated Aaa by Moody’s Investors Service to investors and is holding on to a $241 million so-called equity portion, or the riskiest slice of the CLO, said the person, who declined to be identified, because the terms are private.
 Pat Hemlepp , a spokesman for American Electric Power, said the findings in both reports are skewed because the period of the study occurred during an economic decline, when the company participated in federal stimulus programs to create jobs.
 Carbon Price The proposal is significant because it identifies the first potential private source of income for the fund.
 Still, Cockrell said that while chicken headcounts are down, bird weights need to be monitored because that could slow the total reduction in pounds.
 “We’ve done more to de-lever our balance sheet and become Fed-ready, because we expect to be regulated by the Fed, than I think almost any other large insurance company,” said Peter Hancock , 53, chief executive officer of AIG’s Chartis operation, at a conference today held by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 (TECUA) of Ann Arbor , Michigan , wasn’t fined because it told the EU about the cartel.
 Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche struggled to introduce smaller, cheaper Mercedes models to appeal to young urban consumers, because the underpinnings of the high-riding A-Class compact, which were designed for an electric powertrain that was never needed, were costly and lacked flexibility.
 Options on the table include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Germany will oppose any attempt to change a sequence in which the permanent European Stability Mechanism will take over from the current rescue fund at an appointed time, a German official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Penney to exert a lot of influence on the design of the product, because that is what makes her unique.
, said the people, who declined to be identified because terms are private.
 Wheat is the “price leader” for the global grain market because it sets a floor price for corn, he said.
 Germany will oppose any attempt to change an agreed sequence, in which the permanent European Stability Mechanism will take over from the current rescue fund at an appointed time, a German official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Germany will oppose any attempt to change an agreed-upon sequence in which the permanent European Stability Mechanism will take over from the current rescue fund at an appointed time, a German official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 ECB Outlook The ECB may announce a range of measures tomorrow to stimulate bank lending, said three euro-area officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Smart Tactic “It’s a pretty smart tactic because Mr.
 Ferguson said his team’s attempts to retain the English league title and log a record-extending 20th national championship may be hampered because Europa League games are played on Thursdays, meaning Premier League fixtures will be pushed back to Sundays.
 Germany rejects proposals to combine the current and permanent euro-area rescue funds, a government official said today in Berlin on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private, a day before the beginning of a two- day European Union summit.
 Orders from investors are attractive to market makers and asset managers because the senders, unlike professional traders, aren’t expected to know more about short-term price movements than the firm they’re trading with.
 Reject It CFA Institute , a trade group that represents investment analysts and managers, said the SEC should reject NYSE’s proposal because it harms investors placing limit orders, or requests to buy shares at no more than a specified price or sell at no less than a certain level.
 Court of Appeals in New York threw out his conviction and ordered a new trial because the lower-court judge had allowed some improper evidence to come into the case.
 Bernanke yesterday released a staff memo asserting that the loans weren’t secret because the existence and overall size of the lending programs were made public.
 The proposed pipeline route violates a European Union wildlife conservation directive known as Natura 2000 because it passes through protected areas, which allows Bulgaria to withdraw from the project without paying penalties, Borissov said in 2009.
 The test will reveal that their capital situation improved due to profits in the third quarter, the person said, declining to be identified because the results are not yet public.
 Options on the table include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 22 cut Eksportfinans seven levels to Ba1 four days after the government said it will dismantle the unit because it was in breach of capital rules limiting loans to single industries.
 If Brent crude prices are higher than the range of $80 to $95 a barrel that Petrobras used as a basis for the plan, the company would need to sell less debt because it will have more income from oil sales, he said.
 The lender with 24 billion euros of assets had been under inspection by the Bank of Spain because it had fallen short of new minimum capital requirements put in place by the government this year.
 Return to Markets “There are more chances that Argentina will issue a bond abroad because Lorenzino is more aware of the need to return to the markets,” Bernal said.
 New twin-engine jets would help Memphis , Tennessee-based FedEx shave fuel costs because its large planes now include some Airbus A300 and A310 aircraft that are more than 25 years old.
 Neither of the latter warranted action because both had plans to address financial difficulties, Terry Stanton, a Treasury Department spokesman, said in an e-mail.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Tepco isn’t planning to sell power generation assets immediately because it has insufficient capacity, the Nikkan Kogyo newspaper reported today, citing President Toshio Nishizawa.
 “I get asked the question with derivatives of $14 billion, people say ‘my God, that’s your net because you have huge long and short,’ and we do.
 “In many cases, it’s because good human studies haven’t been conducted yet, not because they have been conducted and rejected the hypothesis,” she said in an interview.
 It’s hard to get conclusive results because chemicals are so prevalent, and may be most harmful earlier in life, he said.
” Fleeing Brokers Osio says dozens of brokerage executives fled the country in the coming weeks, some because they were named in arrest warrants and others who feared they could be next.
 “I don’t regret not owning Treasuries because they were dangerous,” Eigen, who has managed the JP Morgan Strategic Income Opportunities Fund (JSOAX) since its inception in 2008, said in a telephone interview from Boston.
 Eigen favors junk bonds because their yields imply too gloomy a view of the economy and potential default rates.
 Short Treasuries Eigen said he will continue to avoid Treasuries because they are yielding less than the rate of inflation.
 The ‘go anywhere’ funds got popular because they promised protection in the event of rising interest rates, said Morningstar’s Jacobson.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Germany will oppose any attempt to change plans for the permanent European Stability Mechanism to take over from the current rescue fund at an appointed time, a German official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 The ruling elite does not want a rule of law, because life is good without it.
 The project works so well because the global financial system allows its beneficiaries -- operators of state-owned businesses, oligarchs and government officials -- to keep the spoils in other countries that have the courts and property rights Russia lacks.
80 percent three-year bonds, according to a person familiar with the matter, who declined to be named because the details are private.
 The European Commission intends to accept an offer made by IBM in September to resolve a dispute over anti-competitive behaviour that may have blocked rival mainframe software makers, said the people who couldn’t be identified because the talks are private.
 Options on the table include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 “I think there will have to be one, yes, because I think the pressure would build up.
” He added: “This isn’t going to happen immediately because these negotiations are going to take some months.
 The government official spoke to reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 ECB Choices Additional options that the central bank is considering include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 “Buyers are trying to stock as much coffee as possible because this was the second last auction before the break,” Kizito Keya, a coffee trader at Mumba Coffee Ltd.
 It’s not something the market naturally encourages them to do, because antibiotics, used irregularly and only for a week or two at a time, aren’t as profitable as medicines for chronic health problems.
 “There are a lot of unhappy people and a lot of unhappy businesses out there because they want to know what the rules are,” said Stretch.
 German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s government is more pessimistic about the outcome of the European Union leaders’ summit in Brussels beginning tomorrow, a government official told reporters in Berlin today, on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Emerging-market stocks will probably trail advanced-country shares next year because companies in developing nations are producing less cash and investors are too optimistic about the prospects for government stimulus, Deutsche Bank AG said.
 The scheduling became necessary because the shortened season will begin 55 days late following a five-month labor dispute.
 “On the road is where you really develop that chemistry because you have that us against the world mentality,” analyst Greg Anthony told NBA TV.
html Former Syracuse University assistant basketball coach Bernie Fine won’t face sexual abuse charges because the allegations are too old to allow prosecution, the Onondaga County district attorney said.
 The 550-megawatt Topaz project will qualify for a federal incentive because construction began last month, and it will sell electricity under a long-term contract that was completed before prices for solar panels fell 44 percent in the last year.
 “The smart guys are getting into these early projects because they have very attractive power-purchase agreements,” Clegg said in an interview.
 ‘Favorable Terms’ “The reason this project made sense is because the power purchase agreement was signed three years ago at very favorable terms,” Sanjay Shrestha , an analyst at Lazard Capital Markets in New York, said in an interview.
 Loan Guarantees The Topaz plant was offered a conditional guarantee that the company couldn’t complete because it was unable to meet some of the requirements before the U.
 Additional options that the central bank is considering include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 peers because capital regulation has been looser and banks more leveraged, Bair said in her testimony.
53, they’re not because Europe is overshadowing the good news, said Kevin Rendino, a money manager at New York-based BlackRock Inc.
 It’s incredibly frustrating because in the U.
 For a lot of stock pickers, they throw up their hands because they say, ‘I’m trying to find good stocks within the market and the key driver is, is the euro-zone going to hang together or fall apart.
” “It seems strange because Colombia is one of the fastest- developing countries , and if you really want to have a strong presence in Latin America , you should be there,” said Jose de Ochoa, who worked on the Santander team that studied the purchase of the lender, then known as Bancoquia, in 1997.
 City Living has been the company’s most popular division because demand for housing is stronger in New York than in other parts of the country, according to Toll Brothers Chief Executive Officer Douglas Yearley Jr.
 A German official spoke to reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 The State Department has jurisdiction over the project because the pipeline crosses an international border.
 Shares as ‘Currency’ London-traded shares are “more attractive for any potential M&A target than global depositary receipts have been” because they are more liquid, Evraz Chief Financial Officer Giacomo Baizini said by e-mail.
 “We’re looking at dry-bulk acquisitions because they can give a decent contribution to our yield right away with less risk,” said Stockholm-based Lorentzon, a 62-year-old chemical engineer by training.
 “It will recover earlier than tankers because the demand side is growing better.
 “Right now it’s a very nice way, because we can provide dividends to our shareholders, which a lot of companies can’t.
 “The fact that Standard & Poor’s in particular addressed the event of a default issue has of course created a lot of work because the implications of that would be dramatic,” Geir Bergvoll, chairman of Eksportfinans, said by phone.
 Mitsui will contribute about 10 very large crude carriers that are unprofitable because they are operating in the single- voyage market and without longer-duration charters, said Hayato Mochizuki, a general manager of its crude-oil tanker group.
 “Somebody should sue because this involvement is clearly not a scientific decision,” said Aaron Gal, a Sanford Bernstein analyst in New York with a “market perform” rating on Teva.
 Options on the table include loosening collateral criteria so that institutions have more access to cheap ECB cash and offering them longer-term loans to grease the flow of credit to the economy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions are private.
 Still, Germany rejects proposals to combine the region’s current and permanent rescue funds, a German government official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Embassy’s pollution feed on Twitter has been a source of tension with the Chinese government because it monitors pollutants of 2.
 The euro may rebound against the dollar today even as the ECB cuts borrowing costs because the market has priced in the move, according to Morgan Stanley.
 (CEG) ’s Mayo Shattuck III executive chairman after the companies merge because it calculated the move would win it better terms for the acquisition, according to an internal company document.
, which helped arrange the loan, committed $20 million, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 isn’t against the notion of a legally binding treaty, Stern says it won’t begin negotiations because China, India and other big emerging economies aren’t yet willing to be equally bound by such an agreement.
 “Amtrak is looking at that now because they have enough volume on the corridor that they need more Acelas in the northeast,” Beaudoin said.
 Environmentalists also criticized the lower house bill because it would give state governments susceptible to political and business influence authority to enforce some environmental rules.
 The lower house probably won’t make important changes to the Senate text because many deputies helped work on it, Candido Vaccarezza, leader of the government coalition for the lower house, said Dec.
 The price has climbed 23 percent this year, partly because the Federal Reserve has kept its benchmark interest rate at a record low, fueling demand for the precious metal as an inflation hedge.
 ANZ committed $20 million and Standard Chartered is lending $30 million, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 It stands by the current agreement that the permanent European Stability Mechanism will take over from the European Financial Stability Facility by the middle of next year, a German government official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 Elite Class Lobbyist fundraisers are an elite class of donors because they use their influence with friends and clients to drive donations to a candidate.
 The delay in bringing the product to market may be because the companies are negotiating a takeover or new sales agreement, Edison’s Gregorek said in an interview.
 Loans totaling $978 million backed by the Kyo-Ya hotel portfolio, which includes six luxury properties in Hawaii and California and is owned by New York-based investment firm Cerberus Capital Management LP, were transferred to a special servicer in April because the borrower was unable to pay off the debt by its July maturity, according to Morningstar Inc.
 The companies haven’t yet agreed on the assets and need more time to monitor demand and margins in Germany, the other people said, declining to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Price Mismatch Gas-fired power generation, most interesting to Gazprom because it can supply the fuel, has been unprofitable for the entire year until the end of November, based on year-ahead prices for electricity, fuel and carbon emission permits.
 For RWE, an agreement with Gazprom may allow the company to negotiate a better deal on the long-term gas supply contracts that are currently losing money because their rates are linked to oil prices rather than day-to-day gas prices in Europe.
 Quayle said he is backing Romney in part because he is the most electable of the Republicans running.
 Delta’s stake in Gol is “very positive” because it implies a higher value for the Brazilian airline and gives the carrier access to a global network, Edigimar Maximiliano Jr.
 “We’re making the investment because we are recognizing the inherent value of the relationship we will have together and, candidly, the stock is significantly undervalued in the market today.
” The president is in trouble because he, and advisers like Axelrod, didn’t follow Emanuel’s advice on issues ranging from trying terror suspects in civilian courts to health-care tactics.
 That won't help Yahoo because News Corp.
 Environmental groups dismissed the State Department’s March 1 draft assessment that said the pipeline won’t raise the risk of global warming, because the oil from Alberta would find its way to market with or without the line.
 Some investors have pushed Cohen to give clients their money back before then, fearing that the government could freeze the funds’ assets, said the people, who asked not to be identified because Stamford , Connecticut-based SAC is private.
 Minor, 45, said in a phone interview he’s moving to Boston and looking for work because his wife, a retail executive, got a new job there.
 Cutting off aid would be complicated because Egypt is allowed to negotiate the purchase of major defense equipment under contracts that last for a number of years, while counting on annual aid appropriations to make future payments.
 Party Divisions Despite these ideas, Republicans have avoided the discussion of what should replace Obamacare because there are divisions within the party over the best policy approach.
 Republican policy makers must work toward consensus, because while repealing Obamacare is important, replacing it with policies that will actually improve our health-care system will be the bigger accomplishment.
 Perhaps the reason Bartmann runs his company differently is because he himself has never shied away from living life differently .
 (TLM) has also made an offer for the assets, which Hess and Newfield are selling separately, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 About 350 people will lose their jobs today, and roughly 150 will be asked to stay for 60 more days as the company seeks partners for some of the 900 Patch sites, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Let no one be fooled, the fundamental reason this failed is because the world is hypocritical,” Correa said in his speech.
” American Bargains While London has reigned as the top market for international mansion investors, money is moving to the United States because property is still relatively cheap by global standards, according to Miller.
 Winters razed everything but two chimneys from an older house on the Reserve’s two-acre (8,000-square-meter) lot off Sunset Boulevard, which allowed him to speed up permitting because it was technically a renovation and lowered the property taxes compared with a new build, he said.
 Ullman had little choice but to finish the construction and get the stores fully operational as quickly as possible because home goods account for about 15 percent of floor space at those stores.
 Taking ‘Risk’ “That’s a risk,” because the IRS could deem they filed incorrectly, she said.
 They were able to file jointly in states that recognized gay marriages while having to file individual federal tax returns because the U.
 The decision won’t affect the way same-sex couples in California are required to file their state-tax returns because the state generally affords the same rights to those individuals as other spouses, Daniel Tahara, a spokesman for the state’s Franchise Tax Board, said in an e-mail.
 Before the court’s decision, couples were advised to keep assets separate because transfers between them could be subject to gift taxes, unlike for opposite-sex spouses.
 Brandeis didn’t think this a particularly controversial point; he made no effort to defend it or explain his reasoning because it was an established doctrine.
 “You want to sell a stock when it’s not doing so well, when earnings growth slows down or the company hits a wall, not because it hits an arbitrary number.
 The shipping total is a good proxy because consumer goods such as electronics and clothing make up about 72 percent of containerized freight, said Charles Clowdis, managing director of transportation-advisory services at IHS Global Insight in Lexington, Massachusetts .
 Any increase probably will be more like “a small mound,” Clowdis said, partly because the traditional peak season now begins earlier.
 It decided in January 2008 to liquidate all five funds that specialized in yuan shares, with combined assets of about $200 million, because it could no longer find any attractive investment opportunities, it said in statements then.
 Deliveries from this crop are “much lower” because dry weather delayed bean-drying, Nedcoffee said.
 Oresharski has said he won’t resign because doing so would further destabilize the country.
 “One can’t go a day without thinking about what the Fed’s policy is going to be because central banks are the elephant in the room,” Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC in Pittsburgh, which manages $58 billion, said in a phone interview.
 While many support reps today are tasked as "concierges," reading answers from a script or internal knowledge base, tomorrow's support reps will face more complicated inquiries from customers — because basic questions will be resolved right on the device.
 The reps should also have much more information at their fingertips because the data is pre-collected on the device and should provide reps with metrics reports with real-time information about the device, the issue and the user.
 Mandatory minimums seemed like a good idea then because the alternative was widely varying sentences depending on the whim of judges, many of whom seemed too soft to the public.
 Just because the National Review sees the problem doesn't mean Republicans in Congress will.
 This is a very positive development, because work is a huge part of life, and meaning in life is not just a "nice-to-have".
 So what do you do if you're not in a setting where meaning is obvious — because your organization, for example, exists to provide life-saving technology or to raise people out of poverty.
] When customers call, it's often because they have a problem that is frustrating to them.
 “The risk is still pretty much the external environment and that includes the Chinese economy, because Hong Kong depends on them in terms of exports of goods and services,” Frances Cheung , a senior strategist at Credit Agricole CIB in Hong Kong, said before the release.
 Health analysts say it isn’t practical to defund the law because many of the contracts to private companies involved in its implementation will go forward regardless.
 The Chicago-based aircraft manufacturer is “taking the active approach to solving the problem because they believe in the airplane, and the customers like the feedback they’re getting from their passengers” about the 787, said Howard Rubel , a Jefferies LLC analyst in New York.
 The bids range from $3 billion to $4 billion, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The move shouldn’t affect Merrill Lynch bonds because spreads have already converged with those of the parent company, Hendler said.
 4, two days before the IFA consumer electronics show begins in Berlin, one of the people said, asking not to be identified because the plans are private.
 The sulfur unit may be shut as long as two more weeks, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is not public.
 Gorsline: Cabinets, countertops and flooring make the most impact because they cover so much surface area.
 NORQUIST: At the end of the day, yes, because there are going to be many moving parts in this legislation, a lot of which conservatives can be very, very happy with.
 NORQUIST: Well, for the first time in a long time, you have five or six Republicans looking to run who have the credibility because they have the track record and could raise the money to run nationally for many, many months.
 “It’s positive for the NYSE because they clearly needed a partner,” Ben Schwartz, the Chicago-based chief market strategist at broker Lightspeed Financial Inc.
 The cost to buyers would be higher because they would assume any conversion expenses, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 5 loading, according to two people with knowledge of matter who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
4 percent in July from June, bucking the trend because rents in the German capital are still low compared with other cities, Kiefer said.
 Starting in the 1980s, the popularity of these plans began rapidly declining, precisely because they were extremely expensive, and worse, tended to demand top-up contributions during recessions, right when you were least able to make them.
 Ares is working with a Canadian pension fund, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 All asked to not be identified because the talks are private.
 Gulf of Mexico , because it would cross an international border.
 “Clinton had a larger impact because he was always out and about,” Barmakian said.
 Some investors have pushed Cohen to give clients their money back before then, fearing that the government could freeze the funds’ assets, said the people, who asked not to be identified because SAC is private.
 The errors are detected because the NSA actively looks for them, closely monitoring the work of thousands of analysts automatically through their computers and encouraging employees to report mistakes themselves, DeLong said.
 “What we’ve been hearing from government officials including the president is ‘trust the NSA because it has oversight.
 At the moment they’re happy to keep the market tightly supplied because that allows them to raise prices.
 “I have no confidence in the market because there are lots of speculators playing in it.
 firms remained on negative outlook, which means their grades could be cut again, because government support may wane, Bob Young, managing director of North American banking for Moody’s, said in an interview.
 “They’re going into battle with the Swiss National Bank because they feel unfairly treated,” said Christopher Wheeler , a London-based analyst at Mediobanca SpA.
 He was involved in discussions about creating the executive chairman post and asked not to be considered for the role, said a person familiar with the situation who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Overall, the amount of debt Treasury has to issue to the public over the next few years will be quite a bit bigger, because the Fed has sold back virtually all of its holdings to the public.
 The Motorola Mobility offer would increase the amount to be paid on the Xbox because it would extend to controllers as well, Gutierrez said.
 Liberty Media Holdings LLC, the Las Vegas-based filmmaker, has said that the defendant was liable because he knew the roommate was making unauthorized downloads, including Liberty’s film, “Corbin Fisher’s Down on the Farm.
 Samuel Levine, a Harvard Law School graduate who represented Eaton in the case, said in an interview that the decision is a victory for homeowners facing foreclosure because servicers will have to establish their authority to foreclose.
 The policy’s economic impact will probably be limited because the immigrants affected form a small part of the total workforce, said Heidi Shierholz, an economist with the Economic Policy Institute in Washington .
 Some non-government organizations that track immigration trends say the number who could benefit is larger because a pipeline of young people will become eligible later.
 That’s because the number of added workers is small relative to a labor force the government says has reached 155 million.
 “Just because they come out with that, doesn’t mean they are all of a sudden legal.
 Yocasta Novas, 18, said she wasn’t aware of the implications of her illegal status until she was in the 11th grade at the International Leadership Charter High School in the Bronx and couldn’t apply to some colleges because she lacked a Social Security number.
 I’m not afraid because I trust the Latino voters and the other voters who can speak for us will support us.
3 billion in 2011 on military interventions including naval patrols, are seeking to restrict the payments because they encourage more hijackings by pirates in Somalia, the world’s fifth-poorest nation.
 Kohut said the Bloomberg questions before the horse-race query might have pushed a voter toward Obama because they asked about Clinton, who was viewed favorably, and Bush, who was viewed negatively.
 “The role of companies is all the more important for the world because so little has come out of governments,” U.
 Ultimately, most lawmakers rejected making major changes to their security because they thought it would be a barrier between them and their constituents, he said.
 New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg wrote Cuomo to ask that the rebate be curtailed because the city needs the revenue, Cuomo said in a news conference yesterday.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Jet fuel demand has been relatively strong because intraregional travel is doing quite fine.
” A party-line vote would prompt questions about political motives because most constitutional scholars thought courts would uphold a mandate before small-government Tea Party activists rallied Republicans around complaints that Congress exceeded its authority to regulate interstate commerce, said Harvard University Law Professor Charles Fried .
 “We like to call ourselves the emporium of real estate because we like to diversify ourselves into different kinds of properties,” Chow said, adding that health care is less sensitive to economic cycles compared with the property business.
” Parents Eloped Arriving by train at her party’s June 1 convention in Springfield, Massachusetts, Warren told reporters an impassioned story of how her mother and father eloped because his parents were against a marriage to a woman with Cherokee blood.
 The senator opposed the measure because it would have done nothing to reduce fuel prices at the pump, Reed said.
 That may mean “a world of hurt” for the central bank because there would be a perception the Fed allows fiscal politics to influence its actions.
 New Information “Because policy makers cannot be sure about the underlying structure of the economy or the effects that their actions will have on economic outcomes, and because new information about the economic situation arrives continually, the case for policy makers to move slowly and cautiously when changing rates seems intuitive,” Bernanke said in 2004.
 They also proceeded for defined periods with little regard for changes in the economy because adjustments may cause market disruptions.
 Bernanke has said the Fed doesn’t view the end of bond- buying programs as tightening because the measures work by removing a stock of debt from the markets rather than through the flow of purchases.
 Congressional Mandate The FOMC hasn’t adopted Bullard’s idea in part because its congressional mandate is vague about how fast the Fed has to return to its goals of full employment and stable prices, and the committee is divided about how to measure near-term progress, Reinhart said.
 The banks have also been wary of using the money funds as a source of financing because they want to ensure the stability of the source of funding, Grossman said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Health-maintenance organizations and other payers have a more favorable outlook, the report said, because they stand to benefit from relatively low demand for medical care along with efforts to reduce expenses.
 “The options under review are local and foreign banks, direct vendor financing or an increase in Soros’s investment, because it would provide more speed and the opportunity to expand even more geographically.
” Williams said it’s not possible to judge Fortescue’s prospects of success at this time because they will depend on the legal arguments the company files.
 Danish yields had plunged because the AAA-rated country emerged as a haven amid a deepening European debt crisis .
 because liquids can be trapped near the engine and catch fire, the Detroit-based company said today in an e- mailed statement.
 The Sierra Club is seeking to block Dominion’s export plan, because the San Francisco-based environmental group said it would encourage hydraulic fracturing, a drilling technique that it said harms natural resources and people.
 There is an “urgent need” to coordinate efforts to impose such a tax because individual countries are moving ahead in the absence of EU-wide progress, according to the letter.
html Democratic Governor Martin O’Malley of Maryland said in an interview on Bloomberg Television’s “Political Capital with Al Hunt ,” airing this weekend, that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney sheds “crocodile tears” as he decries the plight of factory workers because as the former head of a private equity firm he helped engineer the export of U.
 And I believe that the president will prevail because his message is more optimistic, it’s more forward looking, and it’s more truthful and realistic.
 The Richmond Fed Chief previously opposed Fed statements this year because he said it may be necessary to raise interest rates before the late-2014 timeframe the central bank set out in January.
 Crotty in Manhattan ruled yesterday that investors can proceed with a lawsuit alleging Goldman Sachs’s stock plummeted because the bank failed to disclose that it had bet against CDOs it sold to customers.
 He said 28 of them were “purposely destroyed” because they were broken and the other 47 were accounted for after a re-inspection.
 In making the alliance, Bittar wrote, "the ex-president did not measure consequences because he acted, as always, without recognizing changes in the conditions of time and temperature.
3 billion in 2011 on military interventions including naval patrols, are seeking to restrict the payments because they encourage more hijackings by pirates in Somalia, the world’s fifth-poorest nation.
 ECB Collateral The Frankfurt-based central bank’s Governing Council decided two days ago to lower the minimum rating threshold for mortgage-backed securities to BBB- from A-, an ECB official, who declined to be identified because the discussions were private, said yesterday.
 Spanish banks have been unable to use some securities as collateral because the rating is too low, the person said.
 The second group, including Barclays, has less loss-absorption capacity because capital markets account for a larger share of revenue, Moody’s said.
 Capital levels at many banks are overstated because insufficient reserves have been set aside to cover bad debts, the ratings company said today in an e-mailed statement.
 The companies may issue a statement before their shareholder meetings June 27, the officials said, asking not to be identified because the plan is private.
8 million barrels from Algeria and Libya for delivery in August, according to a company official, who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Special Deals The prices don’t include shipping because both companies offer a variety of options that can significantly vary in cost.
 Built Trust Consumers will still buy from Amazon because the company has built up trust, especially in its core categories such as books, electronics and music.
 In Oregon and Washington , increases may be more modest, because land also is rising.
 Sagan and others have dropped out of contention, said the people, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
” A number of candidates have been ruled out, either because they took themselves out of consideration or were scratched from the list, according to the people.
6 billion) of loans denominated in rupees and dollars, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
” Now his jokes have the glow of nostalgia: You smile because you remember how funny he used to be.
 The other plaintiffs contend they can sue because they have claims of fraud and negligence that belong to them alone.
 Triaxx contends the settlement is unfair because it assumes securities in all the trusts were equally risky.
 The petition was a so-called bare-bones filing because little was filed aside from the three-page standard form and a list of creditors with the largest claims.
 The proposal on carbon auctions drafted by the European Commission’s climate department is the subject of objections by the directorates for industry, transport and economic and financial affairs, according to three people who declined to be identified because internal consultations on the document are confidential.
48 million) to the British Financial Services Authority because another rogue trader had made unauthorized client-fund investments, the pension plan said.
 “There’s a strong political conflict between me and the president because we come from different parties,” Ponta said.
 “There’s also a personal one because all weapons are on the table for the battle.
” In his opinion for the court, Justice Anthony Kennedy said the 2004 policy couldn’t be applied to the Fox and ABC shows because they were aired before the fleeting-expletive rule was announced.
 Nicole Richie Programming sent over the air won’t change because consumers and advertisers expect broadcast fare to be less explicit than shows on cable or satellite TV, which isn’t covered by the indecency rules, Dennis Wharton , a spokesman for the National Association of Broadcasters , said in an e-mailed statement.
 Under Pandit, Citigroup faces challenges in “instilling a risk culture” that reduces volatile results, in part because the bank is under pressure to return capital to shareholders, Moody’s said.
 And I believe that the president will prevail because his message is more optimistic, it’s more forward looking, and it’s more truthful and realistic.
 Harris has said her suit isn’t barred under bankruptcy law, because she is exercising her policing power under state law.
 Panning Capital Management LP, Goodwin’s New York-based firm, will begin trading in mid-October with bets on and against securities from loans to distressed assets, said the person, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 “We’re going to see some softening in prices because supplies should be very good from South America,” Wayne Bacon, president of grain trader Hammersmith Marketing Ltd.
 “They have tremendous resources to buy loyalty because they are now having kickbacks from narco-traffickers in the region,” Simonovic said.
 It’s taken months to formulate a response because leaders in Mali have been vying for positions of influence rather than focusing on a clear political and military strategy, according to the Brussels-based International Crisis Group .
 Though 89 percent of the 2,575 students in the Port Isabel Independent School District are “economically disadvantaged,” the system sends $20 million a year to the state under the Robin Hood law because Gulf Coast resort property in the district classifies it as wealthy, said Superintendent Lisa Garcia.
 “It’s because CEZ wants to run both tenders correctly and transparently.
 Panetta discussed specific attacks whose details were declassified to allow public disclosure because cyber threats have become as serious as conventional and nuclear threats, a senior defense official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
 And I hope those issues come up in the next presidential debate, because they are worthy of discussion.
 The industry, which will probably post losses for the third quarter, may also have a better year in 2013 because slower capacity growth will revive rates, they said.
 China Shipping, which also has oil tankers , is the bank’s top pick in the industry because it has lagged behind Pacific Basin Shipping Co.
 and its allies say may be aimed at producing weapons, according to the officials, who declined to be identified because the talks were private.
 “The decline shouldn’t last because it was known that those stakes are for sale when the government needs money.
 The company may split its analog business, which makes chips and sensors used in products from cars to video-game consoles, from its digital assets, which focus on semiconductors used in set-top boxes, televisions and handsets, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “Congressman Murphy talks about everything but jobs because he has no plan,” she said in response.
 (9437) and France Telecom SA (FTE) , have struggled to profit from investments in the world’s largest economy -- whether because they overpaid or lacked sufficient oversight of assets.
 ’’Exchange-traded funds and mutual funds are basically at record size because inflows are so strong.
 When asked why he won't lay out a specific plan to eliminate tax expenditures, Romney consistently says it's because he can't dictate a plan to Congress and will work with legislators from a menu of options.
 This is because the CBO estimates that only about 20 percent of the tax subsidy for municipal bond interest actually accrues to bondholders; the rest goes to state and local governments because bondholders will accept low interest rates on government debt in exchange for favorable tax treatment.
 Rosen also depends on aggressive assumptions about macro-level dynamic effects, where taxes rise not because individual taxpayers report more taxable income but because the economy grows as a whole.
 My guess is because the analysis doesn't exist, and the 20 percent rate cut figure was plucked out of thin air for political reasons without regard to whether it was feasible.
75 million slice rated AAA that pays a rate of 143 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the people, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
8 billion, because he was intimidated by Abramovich into selling stakes in two Russian companies.
 Ito declined to disclose profitability targets because the company traditionally only discusses those figures internally, most recently Oct.
 Wide-bodies land and take off less often because they fly longer routes.
 The deployment in Mursitpinar, near the border town of Suruc, came hours after Turkey scrambled fighter jets after a Syrian helicopter came close to the border, according to a Turkish official who declined to be identified because the information is sensitive.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 During the original cleanup effort, dredging was limited to just 25 acres because the EPA wanted to avoid destroying the river's natural ecology.
 Some sections shouldn't be dredged, the agency decided, because the digging and scraping would do too much damage to the sensitive ecology and because the submerged oil wasn't likely to move down river.
 Hamilton said the scientists decided dredging was needed, because floods might dislodge the submerged oil and allow it to flow into a part of the Kalamazoo River unblemished by the spill.
 Petersburg, by the end of the year, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Russian authorities expressed concern that the Turin, Italy-based carmaker may delay plans to invest 850 million-euro ($1 billion) in a factory that would build 120,000 vehicles a year, because the sales slump in Europe freed up capacity that could be exported to Russia.
 1 international deadline for incorporating the rules, held the latest in a series of meetings yesterday on how the bloc should implement the Basel measures, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 The Facts: Biden’s statement is misleading because State Department officials in charge of diplomatic security did know.
 The pace of growth in the Medicare program for the elderly and disabled represents the most vexing problem in the federal budget because no one is sure how to tame rising health-care costs.
 That’s because Medicare relies on multiple streams of money to cover its costs, including general tax revenue and the premiums that are paid by beneficiaries.
 In its most recent estimate of the law’s impact, published in July, CBO settled on a projection that 4 million people would lose their employer-sponsored insurance, either by choice or because their employers drop their plans.
 Debt Creation The Claim: Biden said Republicans’ complaints about the rising federal debt are hypocritical because they engaged in reckless spending during George W.
 Official congressional scorekeepers don’t count that revenue because the growth effects of tax policies are hard to predict.
 He would not name the facilities, mainly in Europe , because employees still need to be consulted.
 “It embarrasses us because we are not like that in Iowa,” Vilsack said in an interview.
 She recalled that her fifth-grade teacher made her practice belting out her book reports because she was so soft-spoken.
” JPMorgan uses data going back one year, Dimon has said, so the VaR figure might fall just because a volatile week was no longer included in the calculation.
 The fund said today that because the share of employment in agriculture is high in most sub-Saharan Africa economies and productivity levels are low, there’s an opportunity to raise living standards through productivity improvements.
 A squeeze on net interest margins, a measure of lending profitability, from the liberalization of interest rates may not be as bad as some investors expect because less than 10 percent of new loans this year are priced at a discount, she wrote.
 “The government should cancel the exemptions for industry” because the feed-in-tariff payments for renewables make up only 2.
 Profit Expectations “One of the reasons why Santander may have abandoned this deal is because overall profit expectations for banks in the U.
 Europe’s largest semiconductor maker may split its analog business, which makes chips and sensors used in products from cars to video-game consoles, from its digital assets, which focus on semiconductors used in set-top boxes, televisions and handsets, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The committee only achieves so little rate reduction because it starts from an unintuitive tax baseline and does not consider the full spectrum of tax expenditures available for elimination.
 Softbank is seeking control of Overland Park , Kansas-based Sprint, according to two people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “Clients are no longer interested to just hear IPO or plain vanilla deal pitches because there is just no appetite for these.
 Finance Minister Guido Mantega said such a policy is “selfish” because it hurts emerging markets such as his by subjecting them to volatile capital flows and currency movements.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” Madoff trustee Irving Picard sued Schneiderman, saying he was making an “end run” around bankruptcy law and the Merkin deal should be stopped because Picard was pursuing similar claims against the former money manager.
 PayPal is eliminating jobs primarily in its product and technology groups, according to the person, who asked not to be named because the plans are private.
 Different Strategy “Poland’s potential isn’t written off because there were two wells that gave disappointing results,” De Margerie said, adding that Total and Exxon adopted different strategies.
 Total, based in Paris, has acquired shale permits outside its home market because lawmakers last year banned the use of hydraulic fracturing in the country.
 On issues where he had a stronger case, Ryan had a harder time getting any of his messages across, in part because Biden kept interrupting him.
) After a peculiar question inviting the two to say how their religion would affect their governing, Ryan erased the line between church and state, saying because Catholics believe abortion is wrong, they should make it illegal.
 They are “out of the money,” according to court papers, because any claim by a partner can only be paid after unsecured creditors are fully paid.
 Lacker, who has dissented against every Federal Open Market Committee decision this year, has said he opposed new asset purchases because allocating credit is the responsibility of Treasury or Congress.
 “I am not quite optimistic about the bond market because it lacks support from economic fundamentals,” said Zou.
 27, 2013, because the parliament approved the change without the required two- thirds majority, said Nurettin Canikli, a senior government lawmaker.
 I think, with the last - and I - I don’t think it was deliberately hoked up, but I think the anomaly of the last jobs report makes Obama a little bit vulnerable, believe it or not, because I think if it goes back to normalcy, it’ll go from 7.
 “He elevated so many women because he just gets it.
 “You never want to put someone in a job they’re not qualified for because then everyone loses, but you also can’t know how things will turn out until you try,” he said, adding that he took the same approach with men.
 Nugent was reluctant to leave teaching and her scholarly work and said she agreed to meet Shapiro only because she wanted to revisit Princeton, where she’d been in the first coed undergraduate class.
 That’s known as broadening the tax base because it increases the size of the pool of income that is taxed.
 Lower rates reduce the pool of money available from deductions, because they are less valuable.
 James’s Square, a 105,000-square-foot (9,720-square-meter) property under development in London’s West End, said the person, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
” When Gao won the literature prize in 2000, he was denounced by Chinese officials, because he had left the mainland for France .
 Europe’s largest semiconductor maker may split its analog business, which makes chips and sensors used in products from cars to video-game consoles, from its digital assets, which focus on semiconductors used in set-top boxes, televisions and handsets, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 He didn't like to hand out praise indiscriminately — because this cheapened the value of praise when it was deserved.
 “The tail risks in the euro zone seem to be mitigated because bond sales are doing well for them.
 “All of this is good news for the auto industry, and that’s why at Toyota we’re so optimistic about 2013, but it’s still cautious optimism, because we all know, too well, that anything can upset a forecast, from exchange rates to strength or weaknesses in global economies, even Mother Nature with earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes and hurricanes,” Lentz said.
 The bank today said Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon ’s pay was cut in half because he also bears responsibility for the blunders.
 Anatoly Serdyukov has been implicated by people questioned in an embezzlement inquiry, said a senior law-enforcement official with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the investigation is in process.
 The second government official with knowledge of the matter also said Serdyukov will probably face charges, while asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The person asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Interviews ‘No End in Sight’ to Volcker Rule Process, SEC Commissioner Says The effort to complete the Volcker rule has “no end in sight” because the U.
 Donaldson had no experience disposing of fireworks, and it was hired partly because it submitted the lowest bid, according to the report obtained in advance of its release today.
 “We’d like to see this sort of scrutiny applied to all contracts, because there are a lot of different hazardous activities that occur, not just fireworks disposal,” Daniel Horowitz, managing director of the safety board, said in a phone interview.
 It will be left quite open because there is a great deal of unpicking to be done.
 “Many Conservatives talk about a referendum, not because they want consent, but because they want an exit.
 “We were able to expand the test so quickly because it went well in Canada and we wanted to expand the audience.
 While smartphones require subsidies to encourage consumer purchases, gaining customers for the devices is key to AT&T’s strategy because they use more data -- and therefore have higher bills -- than subscribers who buy regular phones.
 ‘‘We are satisfied where it is because it gives a very good handle for importers, exporters, lenders as well as borrowers and we would like to see any movement to be slow rather than being volatile as we have experienced sometime in the first half of last year.
’s production, resumed partial pumping yesterday and now more crude is flowing into it because most of the fields have resumed activity, an official at Abu Dhabi National Energy Co.
 Equities are more attractive than bonds rated CCC because yield on the debt does not provide enough compensation for the default risk, Attanasio, who owns Major League Baseball’s Milwaukee Brewers, told Erik Schatzker on Bloomberg Television’s “Market Makers.
 Under the arrangement, Intel will manufacture processors designed by Cisco, the largest maker of routers and switches, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deal is private.
 The assets were attractive for banks because they got a capital boost while being able to deduct interest payments from their tax bills.
 Regulators view Tier 1 as the most important for loss absorption because it combines equity with retained earnings.
 “Traditional fixed-income buyers really abstained from investing in these instruments, because they can go up like a bond and go down like equity,” Tetyevsky said.
, according to investors who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 carrier because an unpainted plane weighs less.
9 million reais ($190 million), is more likely to bid for a piece of Freedom Group or find a partner to help with the purchase because the target company is significantly larger in terms of revenue, Piagentini said.
 That’s because the thresholds for individuals and married couples at the higher rates are close together, said Scott Kaplowitch, a partner at the Boston-based accounting firm of Edelstein & Co.
” Varying Rates Penalties -- and bonuses -- for being married or single have existed in the tax code for decades because the system is based on household income and the rates vary, saidEugene Steuerle, co-founder of the Washington-based Tax Policy Center.
 The marriage penalty also affects lower-income households who may phase out of benefits such as the earned income tax credit because as a couple their income is too high, he said.
 High earners with significant income from capital gains and dividends may feel a bigger tax bite because they are married.
 Early Planning The multiple levels of higher rates mean families should start planning early this year because there are ways to save on taxes or reduce their sting.
 The higher-earning spouse usually should be the one accounting for the family’s exemptions and any additional withholding, because they are in the higher bracket, he said.
 “The market will remain tight because the stock-to- consumption ratio will stay at a low level amid concern over labor disputes at some mines,” said Toshitaka Nakamura, senior executive officer for marketing at Pan Pacific, which is a joint venture between JX Nippon Mining & Metals Corp.
 “I would hope that there is some sort of game plan that they have in mind because I really think when you are a leader you have to lead,” Cole said.
 It’s because businesses are too cautious.
 Slideshow: Yes, He Will -- The 57th Presidential Inauguration It’s a relationship “that’s fraught because there are differences in ideology and partisanship,” said Barbara Perry, a presidential and Supreme Court scholar at the University of Virginia’s Miller Center.
 The study was stopped early because the treatment was clearly working.
 Chile’s bank may be reluctant to increase borrowing costs in the first half of the year because higher interest rates could put more pressure on the peso, which has appreciated 5.
 And yet my consciousness shifted, you might say, because what I believed about business was proven to be wrong.
 People worked with us because they either liked the job or they wanted the pay and the benefits that we offered.
 They did so because they thought it was in their best interest to do so.
 And then as I tried to learn about how to be a better business person-- I read a lot of books because I had no business background.
 And it's doing great damage to the world, actually, because if business is not allowed to create value because it's fundamentally selfish, greedy, and it's a sociopathic institution, then our world is not going to fully escape from poverty and prosperity.
 Again, because the ethics were taken for granted, it was thought that business was about making money.
 So when you start talking about purpose, some business people, a lot of business people-- I think it's changing, I think, for a good reason because a lot of women are now in business.
 But I'd like to switch gears and talk a little bit now about something much more concrete, which is the Whole Foods market connection with customers because it seems that you've really managed to forge a very strong connection with customers.
 And everyone seems very excited by this, which I find really interesting because Somerville is the kind of community that is sort of proudly shopping local, always working to keep out big national chains, and yet Whole Foods is clearly an exception to that attitude.
 None of them look exactly the same as any other store because we don't have a prototype that we just replicate and repeat over and over and over again.
 In the Boston area, for example, we went into Jamaica Plains because so many activists didn't want property values to go up.
 JOHN MACKEY: You haven't missed the boat yet because we're not open yet.
 I mean, and Whole Foods itself, people don't take that as a good enough example because they say, oh, yeah, well, you know, they charge too much for their products.
 And because they're excited about the mission and the purpose they get from working there, they tend to be more innovative, more creative.
 And the suppliers also tend to be more loyal because you developed partnership with them.
 And so in a lot of ways that appendix is one of the most important chapters in the book because it's the exact opposite of what most people think, which is, oh, that's very good.
 It just wouldn't work for my business because I couldn't afford to do it.
 I think we've tapped into what I think is going to be the dominant paradigm in business over the next 50 years because it simply works better.
 “Capital inflows enter Costa Rica because we have an exchange rate system where the currency is basically guaranteed to be stable,” Ayala said.
 At the same time, monetary policy wants to loosen more because inflation on the monetary policy horizon is below its target or because the central bank has other goals, like the Fed has an unemployment goal.
 ‘‘In an environment where there’s a problem with regulatory certainty and predictability, it’s very important that the central bank keeps this position because if central bank actions turned unpredictable, that would just make the situation significantly worse for the Hungarian economy.
 Advisers make up a larger percentage of structured note buyers because they are becoming more comfortable with the securities and are hunting for ways to boost returns, said Justin Capetola, managing partner at Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania .
 Reach Out Smaller RIAs, whose clients tend to be high-net-worth individuals, are increasingly being courted by issuers because the assets of their customers are growing, said Xavier Avila, managing director and head of fixed income and currency structuring at Deutsche Bank (DB) AG in New York .
 Fred McGarry, who retired from the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services , testified for the state in Concord today that residents didn’t complain about contaminated wellwater because the additive methyl tertiary butyl ether, or MTBE, often eluded detection by taste or smell.
 MTBE’s Risks ExxonMobil said the state was aware of MTBE’s risks when it joined the RFG program in 1991 because there had been studies of the additive for several years.
 Those funds are “not resulting in job creation because the uncertainty stems from fiscal uncertainty,” he said, referring to a legislative deadlock over federal taxation and spending.
 “So it worked out well for me because it was really, really tough conditions.
 “For any of us who are public figures, you see that kind of ad and you just cringe because this was not appropriate,” Christie told reporters.
 Deutsche Telekom intends to hire banks as early as this quarter to prepare for a sale or initial public offering of Scout24 Holding GmbH, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 This is partly because the too- big-to-fail problem has clogged the transmission mechanism between Fed stimulus and the economy, he said.
 22, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “It hasn’t diddled too long in PC-land because public stockholders tied its hands,” Gordon said in an e-mailed statement.
 “Naples is unique because investors are attracted to our second homes,” Fioretti said in an interview.
 “Investors are concerned because at the moment Egypt is living month to month off of donor loans, the latest one coming from Qatar, and that’s just not sustainable.
 Parliamentary approvals can take as long as a decade because the sessions are often disrupted by opposition protests.
 Japan’s national interest lies in keeping Asia ’s seas “unequivocally open, free and peaceful,” Abe said in a speech, which he was unable to deliver in the Indonesian capital, Jakarta, because he cut short his visit on Jan.
 But the darker reality is that the young woman’s rape and murder outraged the country’s Hindu urban middle class because it was a random and senseless act that could have just as easily victimized their daughters.
 “At the end of the day, the debt ceiling will be raised -- because it has to,” Lockhart said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Liverpool Ignored Liverpool’s attempts to re-sign attacker Tom Ince have been put on hold because his current club Blackpool have stopped taking calls from the Reds, the Daily Mirror reported.
 The court said it freed him on bail while he appeals the sentence because he showed no intention to flee.
” Goldman Sachs still may be one of few Wall Street firms that pay employees more for 2012 because revenue surged 19 percent and it cut staff by 3 percent.
 Ed Najarian, an analyst at International Strategy & Investment Group LLC, said he raised his estimates for Goldman Sachs’s earnings per share through 2015 because he expects the annual compensation ratio to hold below 40 percent.
 He kept a neutral rating on the stock because he expects gains from private-equity and debt holdings to be lower this year and predicts regulations will limit trading revenue, according to a research note yesterday.
 Lithium-ion cells are more flammable than other battery technology because they hold more energy, which can create sparks and high heat if not properly discharged.
 The chemicals inside the battery are also flammable and when ignited are difficult to extinguish because they contain their own source of oxygen, Mike Sinnett, the 787 project engineer, said in a briefing last week.
 Lithium Approval Boeing chose lithium-ion batteries for the 787 because they hold more energy and can be quickly recharged, Sinnett said.
 Above-normal temperatures in the large cities of the Northeast can lower the prices for heating oil and natural gas because people are less inclined to turn thermostats up to heat homes and businesses.
 “The market will remain tight because the stock-to- consumption ratio will stay at a low level amid concern over labor disputes at some mines,” Nakamura said.
 This is a particularly bright ray of hope, and not only because Brewer is a Republican.
 Both people declined to be identified because the process is private.
 “The quantum of increase is very important because a very small increase in diesel really will have limited relevance,” said Shubhada Rao, Mumbai-based chief economist at Yes Bank Ltd.
 “In an environment where there’s a problem with regulatory certainty and predictability, it’s very important that the central bank keeps this position because if central bank actions turned unpredictable, that would just make the situation significantly worse for the Hungarian economy,” Simor said.
 “Short-term investors see this as negative because there will be a cash disbursement and probably an increase in investments needed,” he said.
 “The increase of the ethanol mix in gasoline helps Petrobras because it will cut pricey gasoline imports.
 Seleka says it began the rebellion last month because Bozize, 66, failed to honor a 2008 peace deal.
html Men who donate DNA to public databases can readily be identified because their Y chromosomes can be traced along with their surnames, according to a study that may raise concerns about privacy in genetic research.
 LBLUX has 300 million euros to 400 million euros ($534 million) in equity and may fetch about that much in a sale, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 “Crude palm oil demand from Indian refiners are probably going to decline and the extent may not be significant because palm oil is still far cheaper than alternatives,” said Ben Santoso , an analyst at DBS Group Holdings Ltd.
 The retailer said full-year earnings will beat estimates because sales accelerated at its Argos catalog chain over Christmas.
 (GS) at the current price because the fifth-largest U.
 in San Francisco; Dublin Corporate Center in Alameda County; and Sunnyvale Office Park in Sunnyvale, part of Silicon Valley, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said this week he wasn’t publishing an estimate yet because he had no confidence in the numbers his officials were giving him.
 Overbroad Statutes Here is the nub of the problem, as Husak describes it: “Experts in the criminal law cannot make accurate predictions about potential offenders because the fate of such persons is not a function of the law at all.
 In both parties there are people who believe that because they can make something illegal, they should; that somehow they’re not showing how much they care unless they’re thinking up new reasons to lock people up.
 The Las Vegas-based company is asking as much as $1 billion for the property, the second-largest casino in the state based on gambling revenue, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
” Still, Norwegian’s size relative to competitors can be a disadvantage, Morningstar’s Katz said, because larger cruise lines have more flexibility to react to events that hit demand for the trips.
 “Chevron jumps out because their balance sheet gives them the ability to take on something as large as EOG.
 Rokos, 42, has set up the office in London, said the person, who declined to be identified because the firm is private.
” Iamgold can prosper in such an environment because it has available cash, low debt and experience running mines where ore is less rich, Letwin said.
 “Either we stop as an industry pursuing it because the costs keep rising at a faster rate than the price, or the price of gold has to go up to reflect the cost inflation.
 The two officials asked not to be named because the drone missions are classified.
1 percent of Houston-based BMC, will push again this year for a sale of the software maker, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the situation is private.
 “It has not yet been concluded because there are clearly financing issues that need to be resolved in order for a program to be accepted and for debt to be sustainable.
 That’s because the low income customers it targets will face continuing pressures on disposable income and the retailer will have to cut prices to compete with Amazon.
io last year will further that goal, because the technology makes it easier for new users to sign up, he said.
” Still, he said, because President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden are piloting the effort, any disorganization may be masked because “all of these groups can simply just follow them.
 And two is that progressives saw Obama get elected and felt there was no need to fund Brady because the president agrees with us.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 16 to March 6, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Private banks bought 60 percent of the notes, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Mold-Masters , the Georgetown, Ontario-based producer of temperature-control systems, could be worth as much as $570 million, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 “The dollar in Chile isn’t reflecting the negative external environment, because the local market is betting on the central bank raising rates,” Cortes said.
 “There was a small drop because a lot of the volume is local,” he said.
 (LEHMQ) caused banks to stop lending to each other because they were worried counterparties owned too many toxic assets.
 The two groups aren’t directly comparable because they include some different firms.
 Some hedge funds “are concerned that this might scare some of their LPs because the difference in assets under management is going to be so big,” he said.
 Cohen after a transition period, said one of the people who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “This is a good sign that it has increased because Gazprom has been paying nothing in dividends,” Hawk Sunshine, who manages $300 million in assets, including Gazprom stock, at brokerage IFC Metropol in Moscow, said by phone yesterday.
 The CPI is the broadest of three price gauges because it includes goods and services.
 China’s economic figures “are unlikely to be a catalyst for selling because if the figures are bad, expectations for monetary easing will increase.
 “The government needs to put the house in order because the alternative is much worse.
 Quest, a provider of business software for managing and protecting data, decided to proceed with the Insight agreement, announced March 9, because it includes 60 days to shop for a better deal.
 ‘Show a Pulse’ “It’s good timing because the market is, as we said, finally starting to show a pulse,” Peltier said.
 “Brazil, Russia, India and China should take a position today because the choice will be made on Monday,” Mantega said.
 , a corporate-governance consulting firm in New York, said the approach isn’t ideal because it puts unnecessary limits on shareholders.
 “We had a couple good days, but that’s because people decided they wanted to ignore all the risk that sits out there.
 Europe has missed out on the “most promising” mobile- phone payment initiatives because the region lacks a regulatory framework for the technology, EU regulators have said, citing initiatives by Google, Apple and Visa Inc.
 That’s especially true because the sports promoters also sue the owners individually.
 Pare, a lawyer in Chula Vista, California , who said he’s defended about 70 such cases, said that because there is strict liability under the law the suits come down to negotiating about damages.
 Shane O’Rourke, the San Francisco-based company’s chief executive officer, declined to comment because that motion is pending.
 Holders of second liens can be wiped out when home prices decline and a borrower defaults because lenders holding first mortgages typically are entitled to all the remaining collateral.
 That’s because they want to keep access to the account and draw on the unused portion of their credit lines, according to a Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia study in December 2010.
 “We need to create conditions for our country to have tax breaks that don’t put at risk the macroeconomic situation but that we know are necessary because Brazil today has tax structures that are heavy for sustainable growth,” she said.
 Mitek contends it “will continue to suffer irreparable harm” because USAA is wrongly using technology protected by its patents and has violated a contract that limits transaction- volume.
 The type of securities, which most affect home-loan rates because they trade closest to face value, may be targeted by the Fed.
, adjacent to Lanvin, said the person, who declined to be identified because the agreement is private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The CPI is the broadest of the three monthly price measures from the Labor Department because it includes goods and services.
 “ Air Canada (AC/A) is reporting flight cancellations and delays because some pilots are not at their post, but this is not a concerted action.
 North America ’s largest metals service-center company said its first- quarter profit was higher than forecast because demand and prices rose faster than it anticipated.
” On North’s missile technology: “Talking about the international situation, it will have some impact because once again it shows that they are very far away from developing a full-scale, reliable delivery system.
 The reason why they did it is because they want to show the world that they are capable of developing a reliable long-range ballistic missile.
” On possible sanctions against North Korea: “Experience has shown that sanctions have next to no impact to North Korea, partially because China has always sabotaged sanctions and partially because North Korean society is designed in a way that makes it extremely unresponsive to any outside pressures.
 “They had to keep their word because the backlash would have been worse if they had tried to mask it as a success.
 China’s economic figures “are unlikely to be a catalyst for selling because if the figures are bad, expectations for monetary easing will increase.
 “It’s great for farmers because the milling wheat premiums over feed are through the floor,” Sheppard said.
 The constitution passed in 2008 bans her from becoming head of state because her children have British nationality.
 The company declined to comment because it is pending litigation, Bill Price , a J&J spokesman, said in an e-mail today.
 “We don’t expect a strong recovery in the short term because credit is not adding any purchasing power,” Srour said by telephone from Rio de Janeiro.
 “We love the old bankruptcies because their real estate properties have strong value today,” Cruz said.
 The High Court of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur denied the request for a review because there was a separate appeal lodged with the Minister of Science, Technology and Innovation to challenge the temporary operating license granted by the Malaysian Atomic Energy Licensing Board, Lynas said in a statement yesterday.
 Operation Twist The end of the so-called Operation Twist program in June won’t amount to a tightening of monetary policy because the level of accommodation is dependent on the amount of assets the Fed holds, she said.
 One contradiction in the ETS, he said, is that it offers an incentive for planes to make stopovers because CO2 emissions are calculated based on the last place an aircraft lands before entering the EU.
 regulators say the cost of the new rule would be negligible because most automakers have added brake override systems to vehicles produced since the Toyota recalls.
 Amazon said it aims to give its top executives “a minimum level of cash compensation” because it wants their pay to be tied to building shareholder value .
 Fukui and Ohi “would approve the restart because they have carrots,” Governor Yukiko Kada said in an April 11 interview, referring to government subsidies and the plant’s payroll.
 All but about 10 of the 35 executives from British companies who traveled with Cameron this week abandoned the prime minister’s jet for the Myanmar leg of the visit because it is strictly political and not commercial, his office said.
 The constitution passed in 2008 bans her from becoming head of state because her children have British nationality.
 ‘Armed With Safety’ “We believe they can in fact protect themselves and they can be armed with safety because they are in charge of their life because God has made them sovereign, not the government,” he said.
html Jose Antonio Ocampo, a former Colombian finance minister, has withdrawn his candidacy to become the next World Bank president because he lacks support for the job, Bogota-based newspaper Portafolio reported today , citing a letter written by the economist.
 “In this case, because the trial started, then stopped as quickly as it did, I’m not sure there’s a huge advantage to either side,” said Benjamin Brafman , a New York lawyer who successfully defended former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn against rape charges.
 regulations limiting speculation in commodities including oil and natural gas should be dismissed because Congress required the rules under the Dodd-Frank Act, 35 Democratic Senators and Representatives said in briefs submitted to a federal judge.
 GOLDMAN: But critics are saying that it’s a political charade, right, because Buffett - the Buffett rule is going to go anywhere.
 “Whenever things get bad, stocks find support because investors expect central banks to add stimulus.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Developing Asia can refrain from further monetary and fiscal stimulus because expansion will remain robust, while spikes in energy costs can revive the threat of inflation, the Asian Development Bank said in a report on April 11.
 Steven Bankler, an accountant in San Antonio , Texas , said the president’s returns don’t show smart money management because his investments are in low-yield U.
9 percent effective tax rate on more than $21 million in income, largely because he receives most of his income from capital gains and dividends taxed at preferential rates capped at 15 percent.
 ‘‘I don’t think it really will impress the average North Korean because the average North Korean is worrying about feeding their family.
 The case is the first of the infection among the 36,000 people treated with Gilenya since it was first approved in 2010, which is reassuring because regulators are looking into unexplained deaths among Gilenya patients, according to analysts at Barclays Capital.
 While the news might slow the uptake of Gilenya, it’s a positive development for Tysabri because doctors may hesitate to switch patients to Gilenya from Tysabri solely on safety concerns, Yee said.
 “We have had to cancel a small number of flights,” because some pilots called in sick this morning, Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick told CP24 TV news station at Toronto’s Pearson Airport today.
 Gap is “smart to tap into this market because there is a void there,” said Jennifer Davis, an analyst at New York- based Lazard Capital Markets LLC.
86 million he received in bonuses because he broke the terms of his contract by setting up Xangbo, a competitor, while still employed, Cargill said in court papers.
 Philip Jeyaretnam, who represents Singh, and Cargill’s lawyer Blossom Hing , declined to comment because the litigation is ongoing.
 ‘Wishy-Washy’ At a closed-door meeting with Chamber lobbyist Bruce Josten last month, Democratic Senators Mark Begich of Alaska and Mark Warner of Virginia upbraided the group and its member companies for not twisting arms hard enough to get a compromise package worked out, according to two people familiar with the discussion who spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
 “It avoids doing more damage in the short term because the president refused to accept the types of deep spending cuts that many in Congress wanted.
html Egypt turned down International Monetary Fund loans that would have helped the economy because the lender was seen as tainted by concessions demanded of past borrowers, former Finance Minister Samir Radwan said.
 But there is a serious drawback to this measure because it ignores what will probably prove to be the U.
8 trillion, or 75 percent of GDP, primarily because the damage to growth had proved even more prolonged than anticipated.
 “The positive trend will continue because the jobless rate is low and the weak Hong Kong dollar supports tourist spending,” Frances Cheung , a senior strategist at Credit Agricole CIB, said in Hong Kong.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The CBO used the latter figure in its estimate because those cuts would be guaranteed.
” Google’s rivals have said the company is critical of the patent system because it has few patents of its own and entered a smartphone market where companies had been researching and selling products for years before Android phones went on sale in 2008.
 A stronger yen hurts Japanese exporters because it cuts the value of overseas sales.
 “There had been a lot of risk aversion because a default would have meant that the U.
 “We still see a need to continue with the tightening bias because ultimately, inflation is the dominant concern in emerging Asia,” said Leif Eskesen, a Singapore-based economist at HSBC Holdings Plc who previously worked at the International Monetary Fund .
 A $250 million portion of 30-year bonds pay a spread of 300 basis points, said the person, who declined to be identified because the marketing was private.
 “I don’t want to hear of any demonstrations this month because it is a month of prayers,” Mutharika said in a speech today from the capital, Lilongwe, broadcast on state radio.
 “The one-size-fits-all rule may not have as good an effect as expected because local governments still highly rely on land sales for revenue,” Liu said in a phone interview.
 ‘Hopeful Day’ “This is actually a hopeful day for the city because finally they can move forward to get to a place where they can exist as a standalone city or merge or consolidate with one of their neighbors without these crushing debt burdens,” Flanders said in a telephone interview.
 ‘Arbitrary Cuts’ “We cannot support the Budget Control Act of 2011 because it sets in motion billions of dollars in arbitrary Medicare funding cuts,” said Chip Kahn, president and chief executive officer of the Federation of American Hospitals in Washington, representing for-profit chains.
 The lenders were told last month that they are lagging behind the China Banking Regulatory Commission’s schedule for revising the loan agreements on infrastructure projects, the person said, declining to be named because the information is confidential.
 Still, the oil company will probably raise most of the cash needed from selling exploration assets because petrochemical and natural gas distribution companies produce lower profits and are less attractive to buyers, Pires said in a telephone interview.
 “It also shows that even with the strong yen, because Honda has production bases in Asia and overseas as well, they’ve managed to decrease the impact of the currency.
 Honda was particularly hard-hit by a shortage of semiconductors because it had ordered a new type of chip for its updated Civic compact, which went on sale in the U.
 Shipping companies accept them because customers still pay for some of the fuel, cutting costs for owners moving vessels into regions with better returns.
 Demand for such conversions is strengthening because oil discoveries are being made offshore, George Saroglou, chief operating officer of Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd.
” Luxury hotels such as the Carlyle are particularly attractive because high-end lodging has had the biggest recovery from the financial-market crash of late 2008, said Reay of Atlas Hospitality.
 revenue because the group should perform better than the broad market in coming years, Oppenheimer & Co.
 That’s in part because government measures stimulated growth, said Linda Duessel, Federated Investors Inc.
 Stimulus Spending This year may be different because the government has run up debt through stimulus spending that may be curtailed, according to Rob Arnott , who helps oversee $75 billion as founder of Research Affiliates LLC in Newport Beach , California .
 That’s because rates would be lower than those that take effect automatically if Congress did nothing.
 Baseline Complication “They can’t mess with rates, because the rates are high in the baseline,” Stretch said.
 Still, she said she supports the plan because it ends economic uncertainty and prevents cuts in Social Security and Medicare.
 “I am voting for this bill not because I like this bill,” said Representative Steny Hoyer , the second-ranking Democrat in the House.
 Republicans argue that while the super-committee could propose tax increases, it wouldn’t likely do so because the rules of the deal require that it assume -- as the CBO does -- the Bush tax cuts expire as scheduled at the end of 2012.
 “There had been a lot of risk aversion because a default would have meant that the U.
 “We are concerned about the evolution of Spain but we see it as an opportunity because the economic model of Spain needs to move towards technology and more productivity.
 Republicans also objected to the structure of the super- committee because it could recommend tax increases.
 ‘Think Beyond Denim’ “Retailers have encouraged shoppers to think beyond denim for a while because they can market nicer merchandise at a higher price point,” Davis said.
 Nicer Clothes “Retailers much prefer this trend to the flannel pants and casual wear of a few years ago because the profit margins are much higher,” Davis said in a telephone interview.
 Randle Henderson, an attorney for Select Asset Management, said yesterday he couldn’t immediately comment on the lawsuit because he just received the complaint.
 “Businesses have cut back on orders and employment because they are just not seeing the demand that they expected,” said John Silvia , chief economist at Wells Fargo Securities LLC in Charlotte, North Carolina .
 vehicle, because straps that secure fuel tanks to the vehicles may corrode and cause the tanks to fall.
 Magnus Makela, a spokesman for the Bundesbank, said the central bank came to own the Excalibur notes because they were used as collateral on a loan for a German subsidiary of Lehman, which followed its parent into bankruptcy.
 “This is one of the first recent cycles where demand is not going to go back above its prior peak, because there are just so many structural things that are different this time around.
 “We honestly couldn’t follow up the increased demand for small cars during the second quarter because we are flat out on Fiesta, and we are flat out on Focus.
 Analysts said estimating the July sales rate was more difficult than other months because the Bureau of Economic Analysis publishes its seasonal adjustments that apply from July through the next 12 months later this week.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
html Mining stocks are “attractive” compared with other industries because share prices have failed to reflect rising earnings, according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers report.
 Chavez said he may not be able to meet the envoys because he is receiving treatment for an undisclosed form of cancer.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Relying on a prominent manager such as Hasenstab is one risk to Franklin because he could leave or step down, Jason Weyeneth, an analyst with Sterne, Agee & Leach Inc.
 The Palo Alto Networks board, which started the CEO search in December, was impressed with McLaughlin because references said he had a good track record of working with large customers, particularly in government agencies, an area the company is targeting for growth, Haro said.
 “A temporary restraining order that leads to a trading halt could trigger a capital flight because a number of overseas investors hold Philippine debt,” James Lago , an analyst at PCCI Securities Brokers, said by phone.
 “A restraining order shouldn’t hamper trading because transactions are done over the counter,” Paul Joseph Garcia, head of institutional business at BPI Asset Management Inc.
5 million on the international market and much less as scrap, said the ship broker, who asked not to be named because EBX requested the information remain confidential.
 The Opportunity fund has the most flexibility of his firm’s five equity funds because it regularly shorts, or bets against, stocks.
 Under state law, Hanes’s actions are governed by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court because he was acting in a judicial capacity on behalf of the Orphans Court, Montgomery County Solicitor Raymond McGarry said during today’s hearing.
 Although de Blasio’s Democratic opponents have expressed agreement with the goal of providing universal all-day pre-kindergarten programs, they have attacked his proposal because it relies on lawmakers passing a tax increase.
 “There is no actual injury pled because there are no facts to support the allegations that the information was disclosed,” Darrah said.
 Consumers have balked at the higher price for the models because the range is about one quarter of a conventional auto and recharging can take hours.
 A return to pre-crisis levels though is “going to take some time because fundamentally, structurally, the changes have not been made” in Europe.
 And America and Congress’s credibility is on the line because we give lip service to the notion that these international norms are important.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 That’s because the market expects increases in the cost of blending biofuels to meet the statutory volumes, the government said.
html Natixis Asset Management is shunning the longest-maturity Dutch debt, preferring German bunds because they offer similar returns with greater safety.
 That’s unfortunate, because the most critical choice facing Australians on Sept.
 “When you move from a policy that has a direct impact on markets because you are purchasing securities, to one where you’re trying to change and alter behavior through language, the effectiveness goes down,” El Erian said.
 In any event, the Aces High Senator announced this morning he can't support the president's resolution (after making nice to the president in the White House driveway yesterday) because it doesn't go far enough.
 Then there is the chorus, led by Marco Rubio, which says because you didn't do anything earlier when I told you to, you are not permitted to do anything now.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “The 100-meter world record is the hardest to break because it is more technical,” he said.
 “This is good news because when people get here and they see how expensive it is they say, ‘Holy Cow.
 “The Aussie has jumped up on the GDP news because the number was a little better than markets were anticipating,” said Besa Deda , the chief economist at St.
 It became clear that the company couldn’t gain on competitors or turn phones into a significant moneymaker if Microsoft only made the operating system, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the talks were private.
 The fire produced large amounts of black smoke that made it look more severe that it was because it was concentrated in air-purification facilities.
 It isn’t subject to state regulations because New York City sightseeing tours are exempt, he said.
 “Every company that can access this window of opportunity will do so because the more they wait, the higher the risk of financing at higher yields.
 The FCA report is “depressing” because it shows that only 10 companies out of 15,000 claims have been offered compensation, said John Allan, chairman of the Federation of Small Businesses.
 “We have quite a few investors from the fashion industry, possibly because diversity is normal in that segment.
 “I moved here two years ago because I wanted to get deeper into witchcraft.
 BMW, the world’s biggest maker of luxury cars, no longer needs the partnership because the Munich-based company is developing its own engines, while Peugeot is tightening ties with General Motors Co.
 “We preferred to borrow from Turkish banks because they offered better terms and acted much quicker in decision making than foreign banks,” Cecen said.
 Marchionne, 61, is ready to build new models, including the Levante SUV, as part of an investment plan for the main Mirafiori factory, provided unions agree to concessions such as extending layoffs, said the people, who asked not be identified because the negotiations are currently taking place.
 OmniAmerican is working with Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP to solicit offers, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the decision by the Fort Worth-based company to seek a buyer is confidential.
 “That’s a tough one, because the coalition has done a good job at making itself the catch-all party for Australia.
 Pickles asked to study the plans because the project may affect the Parliament area on the opposite side of the River Thames , the Communities Department said in a statement today.
 Thirty smelters have stopped exports this month because the Jakarta Futures Exchange is still waiting for approval to trade tin contracts, Hidayat Arsani, president of the Indonesian Tin Mining Association, said yesterday.
 The increase, announced to employees in meetings today, will be paid to equity, macroeconomic and quantitative-trading portfolio managers, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The decision “is very important because maybe in the next bidding cycle there will only be five countries that think they are capable of delivering the games because of the costs,” Alejandro Blanco, president of the Spanish Olympic Committee and Madrid’s bid for the 2020 games, said yesterday in an interview.
 Madrid persevered because 80 percent of the infrastructure needed to host the event, which attracts more than 10,000 competitors from 205 nations, is already complete, according to Blanco.
 Genesee County, Battle Creek and Saginaw County delayed deals after Detroit’s filing because investors demanded interest rates that were higher than they were willing to pay.
 It is customary to end these pieces by saying that these jobs went away, or got better, because unions and the government made them so, but this isn’t true.
 These jobs went away because the alternatives improved.
 But long before that, the lives of servants began to improve, because domestic servants were getting scarce.
 World War II basically ended the heyday of the British domestic servant, not because of some law, but because the servants could get a better deal for war work.
 Overseas Deals “The fundamental reason investors buy these companies is because they are so large and important that they are included in most indexes used by institutional investors to benchmark portfolio performance,” said Freeman, who invests in emerging markets , including China.
html Europe won’t increase its imports of liquefied natural gas next year because demand in Asia will absorb new supply, according to Barclays Plc.
 “Most people would have agreed that what we did over northern and southern Iraq was the right thing to do because Saddam Hussein gassed his own residents.
 The FCA report is “depressing” because it shows that only 10 companies out of 15,000 claims have been offered compensation, said John Allan, chairman of the Federation of Small Businesses.
 “And I will continue to engage him because I think that international action would be much more effective.
 Residents in Princeton, New Jersey , have sued the municipality and the university, saying the school should lose its tax-exempt status because it shares royalties with faculty.
 Yet that hasn’t stopped labor economists from cranking out studies purporting to show that raising the minimum wage has minimal negative consequences because only a small portion of the workforce earns the minimum wage.
 “In 2007, we were achieving that sales level by giving cars away because the auto companies had too many factories,” John Casesa , senior managing director at Guggenheim Partners LLC, said today on Bloomberg Radio .
 “Rising interest rates benefit life insurers because this eases pressure on revenue and policy guarantees.
 Even with the more competitive government rates, Klein said his business isn’t threatened because those loans are only available for existing students and not graduates.
 Time Warner Cable agreed to pay a significant increase for the right to carry CBS, though still below $2 per subscriber per month, according to people with knowledge of the situation who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 Carriers like buying adjacent frequencies because that makes it possible to deploy a single channel covering both swaths.
 T-Mobile is “less likely” to participate in an H Block auction because it is more interested in another band, called the AWS-3, the Bellevue, Washington company told the FCC in its filing.
 Anthony Cordesman , a defense strategist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, said a strong case can be made for providing the rebels with anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons because extremists already have acquired many such arms captured from Syrian stocks or from Libyan extremists and other sources.
 Trading Approval Indonesian smelters stopped exports this month because the Jakarta Futures Exchange is still waiting for approval to trade tin contracts, Hidayat Arsani, president of the Indonesian Tin Mining Association, said yesterday.
 Canada will benefit as tapering begins because that means the U.
 “The overcapacity that everybody was so worried about is turning out to be moot because 2013 is shaping up as a record year for steel demand,” said Jia Liangqun, chief analyst at Mysteel Research (300226) , the Shanghai-based company that provides data to the National Development and Reform Commission.
 The market will be cheaper for buyers and safer for the economy because participants will report transactions and clear them through a third party, putting up collateral.
 “The large institutions who have always been major players in the swaps business are probably the only ones who can afford to be dealers because it is costly,” said Sommers, the former CFTC commissioner.
 Cayman Islands After investigating the situation, Gensler rushed back to Washington for the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah, calling Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin from the airport with his conclusion: Nobody had any idea what would happen to the firm’s $1 trillion swaps portfolio because it was handled out of a legal entity in the Cayman Islands.
 Both Sides In the aggregate, though, a clearinghouse also winds up holding all of the risk because it acts as the other side of the trade for both buyers and sellers.
 11, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 because they had all the oil.
 She said she will decide on running by the end of September, a timetable that was delayed because her father is in the hospital.
 “I know where mine comes from, and I stay connected to it because I think it helps me to be true.
 “Device makers like smartwatches because they are personal devices that are highly visible to consumers,” Neil Mawston, an executive director at Strategy Analytics, said in an e-mail.
 They are making this argument because they are selling a strike, but the argument isn’t necessarily sound.
 But I believe it would be a mistake to assume that just because the president is hesitant on Syria he will be hesitant on Iran.
 I’m not arguing for preemptive strikes at all, because I believe that there is still time for sanctions and diplomacy to work.
 “You can’t sell a burger for $1 anymore because the cost of beef has gone up so much,” Saleh said.
 “We’ll be in a low-yield environment next fiscal year because the economy is bad,” said Tokyo-based Sano, 51, whose company is one of the 23 primary dealers obliged to bid at government bond sales.
 “His colleagues sacked him because they judged him to be incapable as prime minister,” he said.
” Corbett said Abbott will probably be a “pretty good prime minister because he is a very sincere, nice type of human being.
 But as we all know, it's unlikely that the government would ever prosecute JPMorgan, for obstruction or anything else, because it's too big to fail.
 “I was able to differentiate myself from other nursing graduates because I could speak Chinese.
 It’s difficult to disassociate the two because Greek life is so pervasive at the college.
 Some students refuse to stamp because they say it began as a protest against admitting women.
 The unrest in the Middle East and North Africa will be “stagflationary” for the global economy in the short term because it will increase oil and commodity prices and shrinks the markets in which anti-government demonstrations have taken place, El-Erian said in commentary in the Financial Times today.
 “Cash is tight in the market because it is the first day of reserve payments,” said Bugra Bilgi, a hedge fund manager at Garanti Asset Management (APAM) in Istanbul, said in e-mailed comments.
 “People are selling the benchmark bonds and the back-end of the curve in particular because auctions are starting next week.
 “It’s nice to hear they are interested in water meters because it shows they are progressing.
 The state will lose because the cranes are important and creative future alternative water supplies are important.
 22 election almost a year ahead of schedule because he was having a hard time wresting compromises from his governing coalition to pass a 2013 budget.
 That’s because if the U.
 The panel said it couldn’t require them to cooperate because they lived outside the U.
 He didn't get the nod, but said the campaign told him it wasn't because his son was gay.
 “There was no bilateral deal between Solus and Perry,” because the transaction involved a third party, Deutsche Bank AG, which hadn’t yet worked out how it would reassign the claims to Solus after previously pledging them to Perry, the hedge fund said.
 It requires a presidential permit because it crosses an international border.
” SAC will pay the entire settlement expenses, according to a person familiar with the firm who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 He said he enjoyed the period but decided to move because he wanted to work with clients on more U.
 Banks “have no interest in standardization or clearing organizations because it squeezes their margins,” he said.
 Still, he said he expects oversight will have to increase because regulators need a more precise understanding of activity in the derivatives market.
 MCCARTHY: Well, I think there’s good odds of doing something, because think of that.
 MCCARTHY: I think home mortgage is a very difficult one to deal with, because the number-one thing people believe in is the investment in the house.
 MCCARTHY: This is a transparency issue, yes, because the House has a responsibility, as well.
 The couple agreed to purchase a 5,000-square-foot (465- square-meter) apartment on the fourth floor of the Whitman on East 26th Street, said the person, who asked not to be named because the deal is private.
 A few colleagues have raised their eyebrows when we've noted this because we're strongly in the camp that proposes that leaders work on their strengths.
 But the benefits to the organization of making average leaders into good ones is far greater, because it puts them on the road to becoming the exceptional leaders that every organization desperately needs.
 Urbi and Geo have sunk more than other homebuilders because more of their assets are land reserves, which investors have speculated could be worth less after changes in the government’s housing policy, according to Hermosillo.
 Romano Allegro, a 57-year-old restaurant owner in Salvador , in northeastern Brazil, grew disillusioned with equities because government decisions hurt his investment in state-run Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
 Investors ‘Scared’ “I started selling my shares because I lost a lot of money,” Romano said in a phone interview.
 (BA) and Airbus SAS jetliners, also highlighted the benefits of a weaker pound because it will boost earnings when foreign-currency payments are translated into sterling.
 The toll is high because the 5 percent cut must be concentrated in the remainder of the fiscal year that ends Sept.
 Obama said the trust would provide a public pipeline for research, because some ideas are too risky for private enterprise.
 “We do have the idea and we do see an opportunity because there is demand,” he said.
 “Some companies, including JinkoSolar, will escape early from their predicament” because they have lower debt and made fewer bad investments, Chen said.
 And so the coach arrives — the outsider, hired to speak truth to power — and can't make any headway, because the person being coached doesn't really want to be there.
 Even if you don't want to work with a coach — but you have to, because your boss or the board has asked you to -- you must enter the engagement willingly.
 Talks between the companies and the Justice Department are progressing well and the extension request isn’t a negative sign, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are confidential.
 White may have to avoid personal involvement in the case because her law firm has represented JPMorgan.
 The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which oversees JPMorgan because it is a bank holding company , last month ordered JPMorgan to strengthen its risk and auditing controls in connection with the botched derivatives trades.
 Next Report The panel said an immediate outright ban would be impracticable because establishing whether banks were taking bets on the market or taking legitimate proprietary positions as a by-product of making markets for clients would be difficult.
 The European Commission plans to double the period that lenders have to implement the change to 10 years, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 European governments lobbied to extend the tax-credits change because it may encourage foreign banks to buy their most troubled lenders, the people said.
2 million euro-fine because it was first to tell EU regulators about the cartel.
 “Abe wants to use these talks to promote structural reform in Japan, help exporters and boost domestic productivity, but it’s a risky move because he is taking on a powerful interest group,” said Jeff Kingston , the director of Asian Studies at Temple University in Tokyo.
 A New Democratic Party government would do a better job gaining public acceptance for infrastructure projects like new pipelines because it would enforce a more credible environmental review process, Mulcair said in an interview at Bloomberg’s headquarters in New York.
 “I’m claiming that the NDP would be better for anybody who wants to develop any natural resources because we would put in place, and we’d maintain and we’d enforce a credible, thorough assessment process,” Mulcair said.
 Sanchez, who will meet lawmakers in Washington next week, said Castro’s economic changes to date have been too small because the government is concerned greater economic freedoms will weaken its political power.
 beer market, said two people familiar with the matter who asked not to be named because the talks are confidential.
 The investment bank was also positioned to profit when the notes failed because it had entered into swap transactions with other noteholders through another affiliated entity, Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
 You will never be gone because we have your flame in our hands, Hugo Chavez.
 But it’s a deadly trap since inflation is going to slow anyway, and when it does the market will say it was because they were right.
” The central bank board led by President Alexandre Tombini said yesterday any rate action will depend on future indicators, because while inflation of 6.
 Growth can accelerate without stoking inflation because price increases will subside in the second half of the year from a peak of around 6.
 “She needs to fight with everyone because we need to undertake structural and institutional changes for Brazil to grow 5 percent again.
 The Jakarta-based property developer hired Morgan Stanley and UBS AG to arrange fixed-income investor meetings, and a sale may follow the talks, said a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Traders can reduce the costs of clearing through cross- commodity margining, or netting, which requires less cash to be posted upfront by companies because they combine offsetting positions on the same exchange.
 House Bill 1305 would prohibit abortions sought because a fetus has been or could be diagnosed with any genetically inherited defect, disease or disorder without exception for those that are fatal.
 The Center for Reproductive Rights, which is challenging in court a related law on behalf of the state’s sole abortion clinic, said the heartbeat ban wouldn’t withstand a court test because it contravenes legal precedent.
 The sex-selection ban was unnecessary because no one has ever sought an abortion in the state based on fetal gender, said state Senator Carolyn C.
 The Fed doesn’t mark its portfolio to market, and its losses may be only a fraction of MSCI’s totals because the central bank could hold the bulk of its assets to maturity.
 The prospects of economic overhauls passing congress this year “led Standard & Poor’s to say that they could review the credit rating because they see a greater probability that agreements can be reached over fiscal and energy reforms.
 investment-grade corporate bonds are at a greater risk of losses as the pace of buyouts surges to the fastest pace in six years because the debt offers few protections.
 Investors owning about $900 million of Heinz’s existing bonds won’t be able to sell the securities back to the company because there are no change of control covenants, according to a March 6 Moody’s report.
 “I wouldn’t be surprised if the market carries on its momentum because the consensus view of the economy is now becoming more positive,” O’Neill said.
1 million CLO for the unit, said a person with direct knowledge of the deal who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
” Mulcair said he would not raise taxes for high-income earners because marginal tax rates in the country are already too high.
” Sales taxes also would not increase if he became prime minister because they hurt the poor disproportionately, he said.
 Extending the higher rate on joint filers earning $2 million or more a year has been the focus of robust discussion during private meetings between Cuomo and legislative leaders, according to two people familiar with the talks who asked not to be identified because the negotiations were private.
 The floating power stations, which are meant to help meet the city’s 600-megawatt energy shortfall, have been mostly idle because Pakistan has failed to provide them with fuel oil to fire generators, Chief Commercial Officer Nuray Atacik said.
 “If the dollar-yen approaches the 100 level, or more specifically 99, then hedging activity may pick up, because 99 is a psychological level, and there should be some PRDCs that set such levels as trigger points.
 Investors tend to consider the issuance of bonus shares as a buying opportunity because it will make it easier to trade shares, Zhou of Shenyin & Wanguo said.
 Is that because the remit is wrong or the policy is wrong.
 My answer is no because if you believe we should have raised interest rates, the only thing we could have done would be to slow down the economy even more.
” The president in the closed-door meeting with House Democrats said because Democrats created these entitlement programs they should overhaul them to protect their future, according to a person in the room during the meeting who asked not to be identified to describe the discussion.
html Russia’s 2013-14 grain crop is expected to be as much as 89 million metric tons because winter grains, which make up most of the total crop, are in “relatively good” condition, SovEcon said.
 “That’s good news for the labor market, it’s good news for wages, it’s good news for consumer spending ” because manufacturers pay above-average wages, said Faucher, who also correctly projected last month’s gain in production.
 Meeting Request “We requested an extraordinary board meeting along with other board members because we needed information that shed some light on what was really going on,” Damm spokeswoman Martinez said.
 The government is acting on the arrangements because it violates the terms of the contract and will likely send notices to Vodafone and Idea as well, one of the people said.
 Trip Aborted The Carnival Dream yesterday aborted a trip in the Caribbean because a generator failure interrupted elevator and restroom service.
html Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean- Claude Juncker said euro-area leaders should avoid imposing losses on bondholders as part of a bailout package for Cyprus because a so-called haircut would risk unsettling financial markets.
 “We mustn’t apply a Greece-type solution to Cyprus because this could trigger massive uncertainties in financial markets if it seemed that we don’t care about our credibility because we would do the same in Cyprus than in Greece ,” Juncker said today in Brussels after a summit of European Union leaders.
 “I expect that this will happen because time is pressing.
 There seems to be now a little bit of equilibrium developing around the $16,000 to $17,000 range, simply because material is being siphoned off by the financial community.
 The homebuilder will begin pitching the sale to investors next week and expects to complete the IPO within about two weeks of starting the marketing, said the people, who asked not to be named because the process is private.
 “Manufacturing is continuing to expand but at a modest pace simply because aggregate demand is doing the exact same thing,” Russell Price , a senior economist at Ameriprise Financial Inc.
 The CPI is the broadest of three price gauges from the Labor Department because it includes goods and services.
 The government has promoted the onshore blocks as a means for Angolan companies to enter the oil sector because it costs less than offshore drilling.
 The government will cut fuel subsidies this year, the minister said, while he declined to say by how much because it is a sensitive issue.
 “Today, those who have died or lost their lives, rest in peace because this is the most important journey we have been fighting for.
 That’s largely because the firm, which has $67 billion in assets under management, doubled down on specialty retailers just as they were about to be pummeled by the likes of Amazon.
 Online price transparency weakened a specialty chain’s profit margins because consumers can comparison shop at will.
 “Private investors have a greater appetite for risk because there is more clarity in fiscal policy in January,” Thomas Simons, a government debt economist at Jefferies Group Inc.
 This will be a challenge because your management team is used to being involved in strategic decisions.
 A win would be a boon for Vale because investors have already priced in much of the tax losses, said Empiricus Research’s Roberto Altenhofen.
 “These types of issues do attract a lot of controversy no matter which way you go because the people who care about the issues on either side are very passionate,” Green said.
 The nondisclosure requirement doesn’t constitute prior restraint of speech because recipients can be punished only after they make a prohibited disclosure, lawyers for the U.
 Some of the existing batteries will be pulled from service because they no longer qualify under the new testing regimen, Hinderberger said.
 They are particularly worried about illiquid investments, because their inability to sell quickly gives other market participants a chance to place opposite bets and profit, he said.
 Levin said he had “a lot of trouble” believing the statements were “anything other than an effort to calm the seas, because they all were exaggerations or inaccurate.
 “Many voters are simply unwilling to choose our candidates, even though they share our core beliefs, because those voters feel unloved, unwanted and unwelcome.
” ‘Limited Appeal’ “Never again can the Republican Party simply write off entire segments of our society because we assume our principles have limited appeal,” he said, a remark that could be viewed as a swipe at the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney .
 ‘Short-Sighted’ “This is enormously short-sighted because in a fair capitalist system, financial success should be the by-product of innovation and achievement, and without innovation and achievement we no longer move forward as a nation,” he said.
 Development “We are investing for profit but we know there will be a positive, developmental impact because the SME segment is vital to the economies of the region,” said Speechley at Abraaj’s office at the Dubai International Financial Center.
 Aurelius Capital Management LP and Contrarian Capital Management LLC say they have a blocking position to preclude approval of the reorganization plan because they own notes representing more than one-third of unsecured claims against Bowater.
” The provision acquired its nickname because Congress inserted it into the 2005 reform law without a section number saying exactly where it should go.
 The Supreme Court may not allow an appeal in this case because the fundamental issue turns on state law, not federal law.
 She said the case wasn’t constitutionally moot because some relief could be granted.
 Growers in the southwestern Soubre region, which accounts for about quarter of the West African nation’s production, said output had dropped because they lack the means to combat the spread of the disease during the annual rainy season.
 “Production will fall because the rot will affect all the pods.
 “The Beaver” has been filmed and is getting so-called post- production touches, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 They declined to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
 “The Qatari banks are benefiting from liquidity because liquidity has improved.
 Airbus will likely secure a commitment for 60 A320 aircraft, while Boeing will sell GECAS 40 737s, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the accord has not been announced.
” Cyanide Waste Zijin’s Chen discovered the Zijinshan mine and decided to use a leaching technique that generates cyanide waste to extract metal, because only 0.
 loan trader, to start a sales and trading desk in New York, according to a person familiar with the situation who declined to be identified because it had not been publicly announced.
 Analysts have given a range rather than a specific calculation for the ratio of the network unit’s sales to the price paid because Motorola is retaining one part of the business.
 I remember because I was a business reporter for Associated Press at the time.
 For years I avoided this stock because it was too pricey, and I even sold it short once or twice.
 Civilian national and community service is a win-win for education, youth development, and the economy, because service corps members, like their military counterparts, serve full time in exchange for stipends.
 The demand for slots in AmeriCorps programs is greater than the number of positions — and not just because other jobs are scarce.
 “A big percentage of grapes go unsold, but you’ll never know what the figure is because nobody sells grapes and nobody buys grapes,” Goujon says.
 “If no banks fail, the market will sour because no one will believe the results.
 He pursued Ames True Temper because the tools the company sells to Home Depot complement its garage doors, which are also available at the U.
 The government refrained from tapping it this year because it was able to finance spending through debt sales.
 Apple is a different story, and not just because your agents should feel right at home in an organization that worships a control-freak leader, and is intolerant of criticism.
 It is a good time to sell because demand for U.
html Colombia’s economy won’t be affected by a dispute with Venezuela because trade between the countries is already so low, Colombian Finance Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga said.
 The company doesn’t anticipate any objections because the proposal involves a processing asset and not farm land, Synlait Chairman Graeme Milne said on the call.
 The government “gave a premium on one issue of notes” last week because there was low demand from investors, Pankin said yesterday in the interview in Moscow.
 That’s because some of those nations buy the credits and some sell.
html Barclays Wealth, which manages $231 billion in client assets, reduced its estimate for this year’s gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index because the chance of a slowdown in economic growth has increased.
 “It will be difficult to push bund yields much lower in the short term, because most of the negative news has already been priced in.
 RBS hasn’t been asked to waive its right to file lawsuits and has a strong legal case following New York-based Goldman’s agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to pay a $550 million fine, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
” Banks in Europe are undercapitalized and the stress tests, the results of which will be published later this month, won’t reflect how serious the situation is because the tests are based on old and inadequate capitalization rules, Soros said.
 are also part of the deal which the EU antitrust regulator may announce as soon as tomorrow, said the people who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 “It’s not something they could afford to try because if that fails, they would be forced to go back to the EU and the IMF, and they would be met with austerity demands and structural reform demands that would be even harsher than now.
 JPMorgan, the agent for investors who loaned the money to HSG, asked the judge to declare the transfer null and void because it violated the mortgage on the property.
 “It has not been concluded at this stage because there are several outstanding issues,” he said without elaborating.
 The company isn’t at a disadvantage because there is a lot of unsold distressed real estate and loans available, Cooper said in a telephone interview.
 The draft law, which Kibaki favors, is opposed by some Kenyan churches because it recognizes Muslim courts, the broadcaster reported.
 Investors bought the securities because they had higher returns than similarly rated debt, boosting demand for the leveraged loans packaged inside them.
 The closely held company was originally called AirBed & Breakfast, because Chesky and Gebbia offered their air mattress to the guests and served them breakfast.
 A merger wouldn’t be simple because takeover rules in India discourage such a combination, the newspaper cited HSBC Holdings Plc analyst Rajiv Sharma as saying.
 “The market is taking it as a positive because it potentially lowers the risk of a very large equity raising,” John Hirjee , a Melbourne-based analyst at Deutsche Bank, said by phone.
2 billion in 2010 because interest rates and currency reserves are higher than in developed economies.
 Regional bonds remain risky because prices for goods and services may rise as economies improve, eroding the value of their fixed payments, said Sergey Dergachev, who helps manage about $6 billion of emerging-market debt at Union Investment in Frankfurt, Germany’s third-largest money manager.
 will be his last job, according to the person, who declined to be identified because the meeting was private.
 While people holding Vidrine’s position consult constantly with the rig owner’s installation manager, the company man is the highest authority at the site because the oil company is paying the bills.
 “But Argentina is weird because it has such high inflation.
 The increase would help strengthen a global financial safety net to counter crises, the official said on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 Second Round The predictions can only be made after the first round of IVF is done because the model needs data from that initial cycle.
” Dickson says he is still in shock at the collapse of HBOS, in part because its predecessor, Bank of Scotland, was founded in 1695 and survived every previous crisis except the occupation of Edinburgh by Bonnie Prince Charlie ’s army in 1745, when it was forced to close its doors.
 crop may be 50 percent bigger than last year because farmers planted more and conditions improved, according to the most recent U.
 “Prices wouldn’t be here if stocks weren’t moving higher, because supplies are plentiful and demand is weak.
 “You can tell because all of the activity is in different months.
html Amtrak said there were delays between New York and Boston because severe thunderstorms downed trees, some of which became entangled in the overhead catenary wire and across two tracks.
” “It will make it easier for the CFTC to bring cases and get people to settle, because people will be reluctant to go to court,” said Geoffrey Aronow , former director of enforcement at the commission and a partner at the Washington law firm Bingham McCutchen LLP .
 ‘Artificial’ Prices Proving manipulation in court is tough because the statute provides little definition, including how to measure an “artificial” price and establish intent, said Craig Pirrong , director of the Global Energy Markets Institute at the University of Houston, who has written essays on the subject and served as an expert witness.
” In 2008, the year after BP Plc paid a record $303 million to settle a CFTC claim that it cornered the propane market, the four BP traders who were individually charged in the case won a dismissal, in part because U.
 This is a common outsourcing fallacy, but a crucial one to recognize, because it has led many to believe that there's little need for senior leadership expertise within IT.
 Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Kentucky Republican, previously has said that “the only reason the unemployment extension has not passed is because our friends on the other side refuse to pass a bill that does not add to the deficit.
 The slide in Dubai cut investor appetite for bonds that comply with Shariah law because property tends to be used as the underlying asset, Bashar Al-Natoor, director at Fitch’s Europe Middle East Africa corporates team, said in an interview.
 They will present the new terms to the remaining creditors on July 22, a person familiar with the matter said on July 11, declining to be identified because the process is private.
) If it feels hotter than it’s ever been in New York, that’s because it is.
 “They said they wanted to keep the principal outstanding longer because they had a zero-percent loan from the government, and it was worth more for them to keep our loan out,” said Radow, 52, chief executive officer of Radco Companies, an Atlanta-based distressed-property firm that has sold 85 percent of the 244 units in the Mark , overlooking San Diego’s Petco Park stadium.
 “It’s a well-structured deal because the FDIC averted a fire sale and retained some upside, but the leverage means managers would rather take a chance on a big gain -- and a potentially big loss.
 Export Controls Clinton said worries exist over Pakistan’s export controls and because Pakistan is alone in raising objections to the fissile material cutoff treaty, being pursued by the United Nations Conference on Disarmament , which would prohibit the production of plutonium and highly enriched uranium for nuclear weapons purposes.
, because we can trace the export of nuclear information and material from Pakistan through all kinds of channels to many different countries.
 Advocates of stimulus say now is the time to spend because inflation is slowing.
 “Nairobi is now in a better position to raise money from the markets because debt will be guaranteed by the government,” Fred Moturi, a fixed-income dealer at Sterling Capital Ltd.
 “This agreement is not about Kosovo, it’s about the biological survival of the Serbian people because we have become small, weak and powerless.
 We saw tons of resistance because no one wanted to touch the scanner.
 Prices in Southeast Asia are also rising because more buyout companies are flocking to the region, Thadani said.
 Some of Ireland’s more successful and productive export industries, such as pharmaceuticals and chemicals, have slowed considerably over the past six months, in part because two of their main export markets -- the euro area and the U.
 “You need to invest a lot in China in advertising, brand building and stores, because you will get the benefit of it in China, and everywhere else outside with the Chinese.
 “I didn’t buy a 13-pound dress because I thought it was too much,” she said.
 Clothing chains appeal to private-equity suitors because they tend to have very little debt, generate free cash flow and often offer opportunities for margin improvement, said Jaime Katz, a Chicago-based retail analyst at Morningstar Inc.
 “Given the huge amount of obstacles this government has got to get over I think that the relief that we are seeing has been amplified because the market is very short euros.
 Ackermann was opposed to Jain’s taking the job, on the grounds that he would tilt the lender’s focus too much toward investment banking, said two people at the bank with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be identified because the deliberations were private.
 They’re also searching for a permanent venue in Prague for the time the collection won’t be traveling, because Lendl wishes to make it available for public viewing in his country of origin.
 Those of us in public office, those of us in the press, those who produce entertainment for our kids, those with power, those with influence -- all of us, including myself, we can strive to value those things that I suspect led most of us to do the work that we do in the first place -- because we believed in something that was true, and we believed in service, and the idea that we can have a lasting, positive impact on the lives of the people around us.
html A trip to Russia by Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of two brothers accused in the Boston Marathon bombings , escaped notice because U.
 citizenship after moving to Singapore because financial transactions by Americans are more restricted in the Asian country, his father, Roberto Saverin, told the magazine.
 “Definitely there’s poor appetite from industrial companies, and there’s very little demand for borrowing because you still have this restraint on property development and then you have export sentiment going down,” said Pauline Dan , Hong Kong-based chief investment officer at Samsung Asset Management Co.
” A goal by Florida’s Gabi Wiegand with nine seconds remaining in the first overtime was disallowed because officials ruled she had an illegal stick because the pocket was too deep.
 “It’s a shame because we put our heart and soul and a lot of capital into the farm in Florida, but it’s the best thing for the business to do.
 Huguely said in court documents filed yesterday that a new trial should be held because their client was deprived of his constitutional right to counsel, the court failed to disallow certain jurors, certain medical testimony evidence was limited, and the court made other errors.
 He added BHP’s purchase should be denied because the fertilizer is strategically important for Canada.
 The partner nations are Mongolia, Namibia, Nigeria, Kazakhstan, South Africa, Chile and Peru, said the two officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the plans are not yet public.
 The Seongnam-based company, which hired five banks to help it sell notes, plans to hold investor meetings in Asia, said the person, declining to name the banks and asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 to help it sell seven-year dollar bonds, according to a person familiar with the offering who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 and Deutsche Bank AG will manage the bond sale, according to a person familiar with the negotiations, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 and Standard Chartered Plc are managing the sale of bonds, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
5 percent, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 “NCFE is probably the largest corporate fraud that most people have never heard of because it involves investment grade notes sold to government entities, banks and mutual funds,” Patrick said in 2006.
 In tax-exempt bonds, audits can pose a risk to investors because the IRS can revoke that exemption, exposing holders to tax bills.
 There will probably be “more tempered economic growth, but also lower population growth, because the two are very much related in the region,” Michael White, a senior planning manager at the government’s Urban Planning Council, said today in an interview at the World Economic Forum in Marrakesh.
 “I would hope some years from now the financial industry will have shrunk some, because there was a lot of activity that should never have happened, from subprime lending to credit default swaps,” Frank said.
4 billion and assume $1 billion of debt, said a person familiar with the matter, asking not to be identified because the accord is confidential.
 needs to find more capacity to supply the Middle East because, while Chinese and Indian plants can provide vehicles to the region, “it’s not going to be sufficient because this market is going to continue to grow,” said Ghosn, who also runs the Yokohama-based automaker.
 “Soft-red areas needed rain badly, because some of the wheat looked really poor,” Leman said.
 “People were bidding on things because they were gigantic.
 Investors use sovereign credit-default swaps as a way to hedge their risk because 71 percent of the bonds sold are from companies majority owned by the government, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “Generally, the market mood is quite positive because there is ample liquidity here,” said Steve Tse , a research manager at BEA Union Investment Management in Hong Kong.
 were among lenders that were asked to underwrite a combination of loans and bonds, said the people, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 The country may want to balance its books sooner because over the next 10 to 15 years, governments will grapple with rising health care costs from an older population, he said.
 A separate cash bid for Leighton would complicate ACS’s bid for Hochtief because the debt-laden Spanish builder seeks to complete the transaction through a stock swap only.
” Loan rates are influencing refinancing levels even more than during the last explosion in mortgages because tighter lending standards and an almost 30 percent drop in U.
, said at the conference that they will be able to respond to lower originations because they expanded this year by adding temporary workers and authorizing overtime for existing employees.
 The 2012 projection is “tenuous” because the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the state agency that runs the New York area’s subways and commuter trains, has yet to fully fund its capital commitments for that year, the trade association said.
 Those plans were never carried out because the Mekong became the setting of the Vietnam War.
 China says its dams are beneficial because they can store water for the dry season and control flooding in the rainy season.
 “We didn’t mind the floods before because they brought us a lot of fish and we knew the water would recede naturally.
 “Ermotti’s exit may hurt the stock in the short term because he was liked by the market,” said Massimiliano Romano , head of research at Concentric Italy in Milan.
 Hog kills still will increase because the industry remains profitable, he said “We made good money this year,” Plain said.
 “We still like financials relative to industrials, because industrial spreads have just come in so much.
” “It is true that there are different opinions in Europe because lots of our new member states are having parts of these AAUs,” he said.
 Taqa plans to get a new revolving credit facility with three- and five-year portions to replace a line that expires next year, said the person, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 “I find it extremely appealing to invest in the Middle East, North Africa region because the potential is there,” Rubenstein said today at the World Economic Forum in Marrakesh, Morocco.
 15 the economy may need more stimulus because inflation is too low and unemployment too high at 9.
 I view this as a normal progression of prices because there is demand for property in Lebanon and property is scarce.
 The person asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 Trading in the bonds due in 2021 has been hurt the most because foreigners owned 49 percent of the notes as of April, five times the 10 percent stake they have in local government debt overall, according to the Treasury.
 1 that more unconventional stimulus is “likely to be warranted” because inflation is too low and unemployment too high, fueling speculation the FOMC will act at its meeting on Nov.
 “The foreign reserve was partially depleted because the government struggled to meet huge foreign-exchange demands at its twice-weekly foreign-exchange market in September,” Ayo Teriba , chief executive officer of Lagos-based Economics Associates, said by phone today.
 “Some will say Sarkozy won because he has passed a tough reform,” said Jerome Fourquet , a deputy director at Ifop, a Paris-based polling company.
 because demand from buyers is strongest in those markets, CB Richard Ellis’s Pylypchuk said.
 Versa is seeking about $200 million, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
html Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who is on trial for corruption, said a law that shields the premier and the president from criminal prosecution is “essential” because magistrates are politically biased.
 Trading in the bonds due in 2021 has been hurt the most because foreigners owned 49 percent of the notes as of April, five times the 10 percent stake they have in local government debt overall, according to the Treasury.
 “We are in a Goldilocks economy simply because everything is pointing to lower supplies in 2010-2011 than everyone anticipated earlier, while at the same time the demand side has still to react,” Christoph Berg , managing director of Ratzeburg, Germany-based Licht, said Oct.
 Brokers at Merrill Lynch, for instance, are pressured to sell funds managed or approved by the firm because they pay a higher commission than those run by other companies, says Paul De Rosa, who worked at the brokerage for 26 years before co- founding his own firm, Gateway Advisory LLC , in Westfield, New Jersey , in January.
 Dorie Rosenband says she quit Smith Barney last year because she grew tired of its high- pressure sales culture and preferred to use her training as a certified financial planner to give advice.
 Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking assent by all 27 EU governments and will take her case to this week’s summit of EU leaders in Brussels, said a German government official who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity because the negotiations will take place behind closed doors.
 A man in western Japan spent 2 million yen ($25,000) to buy 500,000 Iraqi dinar ($428) after a caller recommended buying the currency because it was expected to gain as much as 30-fold, the National Consumer Affairs Center said on its website .
 “And you wouldn’t be able to exchange the dinar back into yen because currently no Japanese bank will accept it.
 Kendall said his group chose the 1981-86 period because it immediately preceded the appointment of Justice Antonin Scalia , now the longest-serving current member.
 Colm O’Shea , 40, who runs London-based hedge fund Comac Capital LLP, told investors in August that the Fed would risk its credibility with a second round of quantitative easing because it may have little impact on economic growth.
 The Spyglass plan, which would include a streamlined bankruptcy for MGM, is in the best interests of the company and its creditors, the Los Angeles-based studio said in a letter to debtholders, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 “We still think they will remain in the minority, for now at least, not least because Governor Belka remains relatively dovish.
 “Oil prices are bound to stabilize and go higher, as we’ve seen historically, because oil and gas are the dominant fuels for growth,” al-Kindy said.
 Last month, Palmisano criticized the rival, saying HP has to pay too much for acquisitions because it cut back on research and development.
 “The Discount Window is problematic because the Fed since the 1930s has used it to provide assistance to banks on the verge of failure,” said Joseph R.
 “The government should not keep information confidential merely because public officials might be embarrassed by disclosure, because errors and failures might be revealed, or because of speculative or abstract fears,” Obama said in a Jan.
 Companies can make more money because their prices rise faster than wages.
 “We can’t say that the crisis is over because as you know we are very linked to the European Union,” Nizar Baraka, minister delegate to the prime minister in charge of general and economic affairs, said in an interview with Bloomberg Television today.
 Alfred Uhry’s play makes us feel good because it is absolutely honest, truthfully aware of the rough and the smooth of life, beautifully (not just prettily) written about real people learning as they live, caught on the wing by an author who has something very human to say.
 In May, Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior, a Hong Kong labor rights group, called on consumers to boycott Apple’s iPhone because the Cupertino, California- based company isn’t doing enough to ensure workers’ safety.
” Central bank buying of bonds is called quantitative easing, or sometimes QE2 because it will be Fed Chairman Ben S.
 options because the for-profit education company may rally if Republicans gain control of the U.
 Janet Balis, executive vice president of media sales and marketing, and the executives in charge of broadcast and digital-ad sales are departing, according to a person familiar with the moves, who declined to be named because personnel decisions are private.
 8, said one of the people, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
 MGM, hobbled by more than $4 billion in debt, told debt holders in a letter yesterday a reorganization led by Spyglass Entertainment remains the best option, according to a person with knowledge of the situation who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 Tell me where I can get that work because I need money,’” Shayo testified that he told Alim.
 The increase in that ratio indicates that hedge funds may be boosting their long positions in the ETFs, because they could use the puts to protect them in case of declines.
 In more typical political times “most freshmen do get re- elected, and sophomores are even more likely, because they overcome the first wave of opposition,” said Robert Erikson , a political scientist at New York’s Columbia University.
 The third quarter is traditionally weak for agricultural products because farmers in North America and Europe have already planted their crops.
, this deal will have difficulty getting through because the Australian political landscape has changed,” said Jamie Coutts, sales manager at BGC Partners in Singapore.
 “I was surprised to learn that the fund doesn’t own billion-dollar positions because that is what he will have to do,” said Jeff Matthews , author of “Pilgrimage to Warren Buffett’s Omaha” and founder of hedge fund Ram Partners LP.
 There’s been an addition because many teams are selling the Heat as part of a package, part of a grouping of games.
 health-law changes will hurt sales of that drug because Medicaid, the federal and state health program for low- income people, is cutting rebates.
 is the likeliest buyer, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 and the euro zone is going to hike interest rates until the spring of 2012 so we don’t believe there is much room for Norges Bank to hike rates in a speedy pace because then the Norwegian krone is going to strengthen,” Haugland said.
 They hit it off because Mick was carrying albums by Chuck Berry and Muddy Waters .
 Chief Operating Officer Toshiyuki Shiga said yesterday that that carmaker probably also will revise its currency assumption for the second half of the fiscal year because the yen is stronger than an earlier estimate.
 15 the economy may need more stimulus because inflation is too low and unemployment too high at 9.
 “If you sign up to do Comedy Central, you do it because you can exist in that atmosphere.
 Farmers may hold out on selling, expecting prices to keep climbing because demand is increasing in China , Stoller said.
 The Reserve Bank needs help because it earns less in interest on foreign currency reserves than it pays out on the bonds it sells to soak up excess liquidity.
 Most local fund managers are “currently underweight offshore assets, presumably because they expect to earn better returns locally.
 “We think of JPMorgan as being one of the more systemic institutions because it is so big,” said Engle, a professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, who helped develop a model of systemic risk at the school’s Volatility Lab.
 “But because it is big, a loss like this is not going to bring it to its knees.
 The CFTC hasn’t opened an enforcement action against the bank, according to the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the review is private.
 Arsenal Track Arsenal is tracking Borussia Dortmund midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who could be available for about 7 million pounds because his contract expires next year, the Mirror reported .
 banks need to be split apart because they operate with an implied government safety net that imposes their risks of failure on taxpayers.
 banks need to be split apart because they operate with an implied government safety net that imposes their risks of failure on taxpayers.
 Hackers in China Information needs to be shared because hackers, especially in China , are accelerating efforts to penetrate computer networks such as those of defense contractors, Rear Admiral Samuel Cox, director of intelligence for U.
 Nvidia said in January that orders for those chips had been slow because customers are waiting for an updated Tegra, due later in the first quarter.
 JPMorgan risks losing more money now because other market participants will figure out what the bank has to do to unload its position, said Charles Peabody, an analyst with Portales Partners LLC in New York .
 Crude exports this month won’t increase from April’s level because Iraq needs to divert fuel to new power plants , al-Luaibi said May 9.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The Commodity Futures Trading Commission hasn’t opened an enforcement action against the bank, according to the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the review is private.
” Black had argued that Goodman should get a new trial because DeMartin conducted an experiment rather than making his decision based on the evidence in the case.
 Payments to Colleagues Urumov said funds were distributed to co-defendants and then Otkritie bankers Ruslan Pinaev and Sergey Kondratyuk because the former had recommended him for a job at Otkritie and the latter stood to lose out on compensation when the new fixed- income team started at Otkritie.
 Judge Julian Flaux ruled in March that Otkritie could seize the property because the company listed as its owner, Dunant International, didn’t respond to the lawsuit.
 The company also said in a filing earlier today that it may have to delay some of the asset sales planned for this year because the transactions could hurt its ability to comply with other loan agreements.
 Kumba said it lapsed because ArcelorMittal failed to renew its mining license for a portion of the deposit, an argument rejected by the steelmaker.
html The Greek government would run out of cash by early July if its international partners decided to withhold their next aid payment because politicians have yet to form an administration, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said.
 “It may pick up in the coming months, because developers are cutting prices to boost sales volume.
 The inquiry, now in its third phase, largely avoided questions about voice-mail interceptions because Brooks faces potential criminal charges.
html Azerbaijan’s sovereign-credit grade outlook was cut by Fitch Ratings because the Caspian Sea nation raised spending as oil output declined.
 Solar Trust was dependent on funding from its parent, Solar Millennium, because none of the projects produced any revenue and once Solar Millennium began insolvency proceedings and cut off financing, the company was forced to seek bankruptcy protection , Chief Operating Officer Edward Kleinschmidt said in court papers.
 JPMorgan risks losing more money now because other market participants will figure out what the bank has to do to unload its position, said Charles Peabody, an analyst with Portales Partners LLC in New York .
 The situation may prompt the Finance Ministry to seek a way reinforce Credit Immobilier, because its model of financing in the markets is too fragile, the daily said.
 Tucker remembers saying to Hammer: “You cannot just shoot at somebody because you think, ’What if he comes up to me.
 Thompson made his comments during a meeting with executives yesterday, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the meeting was private.
 “New crop arrivals keep improving,” the Rio de Janeiro- based broker said in a report e-mailed yesterday, adding that less than 15 percent of the robusta harvest was available because drying and peeling processes were not done yet.
 European Central Bank officials decided earlier this year to deal with any Greek exit on an ad-hoc basis rather than devising a templated set of responses because the fallout would be so unpredictable, said three euro region central bank officials.
 “The JPMorgan loss couldn’t have come at a worse time because the market was already showing fragile sentiment,” said Lorne Baring, managing director at B Capital SA in Geneva, which oversees almost $500 million.
 There was little trading of cocoa from Ivory Coast in the European market because the mid-crop, the smaller of two annual harvests that usually starts in April, is delayed, according to the traders.
 JPMorgan risks losing more money now because other market participants will figure out what the bank has to do to unload its position, said Charles Peabody, an analyst with Portales Partners LLC in New York .
” On the effect of unrest in Syria on Lebanon’s economy: “The softness that we’re seeing this year is related to the activity that is outside of Beirut because the Syrian crisis has negatively impacted the activity in the region.
 Tourism by way of land has been hit, and transit activity has also been hurt because the cost of transit and insurance has increased.
 The results were good because we are seeing increased bidding on the Lebanese treasury bill auctions, the weekly auctions were seeing surpluses even.
 We’re not worried about a bubble because we have a circular saying that they cannot lend more than 60 percent of the value for a project.
 The decline took place because consumer prices increased more than wages, which rose 1.
 Manufacturers have been able to hold down pay because so many U.
 Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) is also among the companies that have bid for Baubecon, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the auction is private.
 And, by the way, because he did those extreme positions, Wisconsin is the only state in the union right now that didn’t create jobs last year.
 And our campaign - unlike - unlike a lot of the super PACs, they spend their money on doing negative ads, ours is - we’re going to be using it to talk to workers, because in the past now, we weren’t allowed to use union dues money to talk to non-union workers.
 When I saw people discriminating against Hillary Clinton because she was a woman, I spoke out against that.
 (8411) will help the Utrecht, Netherlands- based lender sell yen-denominated notes in Japan , said the person, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” The product being re-marked was a credit default swap on European industrial-company bonds, which was illiquid and difficult to value because it was rarely traded.
 (CHK) may delay billions of dollars in asset sales this year because the transactions could hurt its ability to comply with loan agreements.
 The Hong Kong stock exchange may consider the listing plan of Chinalco Mining Corporation International next week, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 The investment is similar to mezzanine debt because it included mandatory redemptions of underlying stock, he said.
 Mezzanine lenders accept a lower return, probably closer to 20, because the risk is a little less.
html Brazilian prosecutors started an investigation into JBS SA’s (JBSS3) parent’s takeover of Delta Construcoes SA, a construction company at the center of alleged corruption in government contracts, because state-run development bank BNDES owns 31 percent of the meatpacker.
 commercial property can expect values to keep rising because rental rates are still well below the previous peak, said Joe Rodriguez, managing director at Invesco Real Estate, which oversees $48.
 to pitch Facebook’s planned initial public offering to potential investors, fielded questions about growth in the number of people who access the site from wireless devices as well as demand from advertisers willing to reach that user base, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the meetings were private.
” ECB officials decided earlier this year to deal with any Greek exit on an ad-hoc basis rather than devise a templated set of responses because events would be so unpredictable, said three euro region central bank officials.
 Swap rates are usually higher than Treasury yields in part because the floating payments are based on interest rates that contain credit risk.
 (LCC) , which is considering whether to mount a takeover bid, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “It’s always struck me as odd that AMR was completely unwilling to listen to US Airways because the offer is probably compelling and US Airways is a motivated buyer.
 travel season, because pilot sick days and late-2011 retirements ran ahead of company forecasts.
 LG can’t charge less for the organic light-emitting diode TVs because production costs are too high, one of the people said.
’s iPad because they use organically glowing materials to display images without the need for separate backlights required in LCD models.
 “We consider it absolutely essential to designate individuals because that allows us to pursue the assets of individuals rather than have to sort of try to divine who might be covered by a blanket designation,” Nuland said.
 for June loading from Vadinar, according to three traders who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 for June loading from New Mangalore, said two traders who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 BP bought 36,000 tons of jet fuel from Mangalore Refinery for June loading, according to two traders who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 airline has called a fuel-saver because an unpainted plane weighs less.
7 billion from $10 billion, said one of the people, who wouldn’t be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Bright Food is among companies that expressed interest and signed a confidentiality agreement, the people said at the time, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 China has held off executing a series of interest-rate increases in part because that would put pressure on a currency officials have kept down to shelter exports.
 The ECB bought Irish and Portuguese government bonds today, according to three traders with knowledge of the transactions, who declined to be identified because the deals are private.
” Standard & Poor’s said last week it may downgrade Greece because the ESM, which will succeed the financial stability facility, could assign a preferred-creditor status to future lending by euro-area nations, potentially reducing investors’ ability to get paid in the event of default.
 10, said the people, who didn’t want to be identified because the deal is private.
5 billion in December 2008 because investments were tied up in hard-to-sell assets.
 “This is the time to be doing it” because the market is growing so quickly, he said.
 Starting to Act “This measure is more effective than a rate hike because it focuses on the credit side that has been quite strong,” said Marcelo Saddi Castro , who oversees 18 billion reais as chief investment officer at SulAmerica Investimentos in Sao Paulo.
 Policy makers need to raise interest rates this week because the central bank is at risk of losing control of inflation expectations, said Camargo, one of the only two economists surveyed by Bloomberg who correctly predicted the central bank’s policy decision for each of the meetings since March.
 16, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
” While the identities of students who did the test in the lab can’t be released because of the experiment’s privacy rules, Dina Tasneem agreed to an interview because she took the test as part of a class she was auditing in September.
 Higher-earning filers benefit the most from the exemptions because they are more likely to itemize their returns.
 Dangote will probably seek $3 billion to $5 billion in a London sale of global depositary receipts, valuing the company at as much as $20 billion, said the people, who declined to be identified because the plans are private.
 Mourinho last month was found guilty of improper conduct because he urged two players to get red cards to clear their disciplinary slate before the next round.
” Strategic Differences Groupon Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mason , who started the company in 2008, had concerns about the strategic direction it would take under new management and what could happen to his employees if he sold to Google , according to a person familiar with the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions were private.
 A lawyer for the Justice Department, Beth Brinkmann, said the spending is legal because stem cell lines used in the research were created outside the government.
 securitized debt, in part because the market will continue to shrink next year, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts.
 Merkel said the European consultations “should be goal- oriented and conducted internally, because anything else causes renewed anxiety.
 is the top recommendation among Chinese oil stocks because its natural gas business may spur growth and the stock is cheaper than rival Cnooc Ltd.
 The board of Sanofi, France’s biggest pharmaceutical company, would be open to one of the concessions, but not both, said the people, who declined to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
html Investors should buy bullish options on Taiwan’s benchmark stock index because it will extend gains as Chinese trade and tourism increase and rising technology sales boost corporate profits, Morgan Stanley said.
 Bolivia’s concerns are important because under the UN rules, which require consensus, any party to the talks can hold up progress by making a firm objection.
 “If we give a prominent role to the carbon markets in REDD, you end up with it being a self- defeating scheme, because they are offsets.
 7, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 ‘Proud’ “I’m proud of today even though I lost, because I putted awful starting out,” Woods said.
 Bolivia’s concerns are important because under the UN rules, which require consensus, any party to the talks can hold up progress by making a firm objection.
 “It is in some ways an often overlooked economy and market because a lot of people are focused on higher growth emerging markets, so we’re still very busy finding plenty to do.
 Cash holdings at Chinese finance companies will also increase this month because the finance ministry usually spends more in December to complete its annual budget, according to Liu Junyu, an analyst at China Merchants Bank Co.
” An administration official said the president was happy with the agreement because it would give the economy a boost.
 “Just because Americans elected Republicans to take over the House of Representatives, they didn’t try to make it so Republicans were the new president.
html Commonwealth Bank of Australia has rejected calls to make bank account numbers portable between lenders because it will impose high costs for the 250,000 organizations that access the payment system, the Australian Financial Review reported, citing submissions to a Senate inquiry into banking competition.
 “It’s because you have very good downside protection, you have covenants and oftentimes collateral posted as well for these kinds of securities.
 “If you rely on the private sector it will never go down because they want to make a profit so the public sector has to get involved in developing these technologies.
3 percent since Prechter in September recommended holding money in cash because pessimism would drive investors away from stocks.
 1 in which he said he had opposed the purchases because the risks outweighed the benefits.
 “Large format bottles are the big con now, because few chateaux have records for them.
5 percent of the share capital annually over the last decade, said the person, who declined to be identified because the talks were private.
 The stock sale may not occur until the following year, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 Credible Assurance Spending reductions succeed because they provide a credible assurance that the debt Leviathan will not swallow the entire economy, increasing optimism and encouraging current investment.
 The people asked not to be identified because the talks, which spanned Chicago and the San Francisco Bay area and involved Google CEO Eric Schmidt , were private.
 “The peripherals would love to be able to devalue currency at a time like this,” but can’t because it would spark faster inflation in Germany, he said.
 Now if you want to build a positive case, you can do it as well because there are also positive signs in the economy.
 A pace of 14 million -- 1 million vehicles below the 20- year average -- would be enough to propel car manufacturers and auto-parts makers to large profits because they have cut their costs.
 However, I would not recommend putting new money into it, partly because it has more than doubled this year.
 may escape fines, to be levied on Wednesday, because it was the first in the cartel to inform the European Commission, Reuters said today.
” Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels fired Hardy in October because he failed to do anything about a commission staffer who was allowed to preside over regulatory matters with Duke as he was discussing a job with the company.
” The central bank bought Irish and Portuguese government bonds today, according to three traders with knowledge of the transactions who declined to be identified because the deals are confidential.
5 billion, because cuts in state aid may be greater than forecast, Budget Director Mark Page said.
 “The benefit is likely to be less at 75 to 80 because those cancers that will kill you will have already developed,” he said.
 “They’re in pole position in terms of capacity to pay back because they generate a lot of income outside of the federal government allocation,” said Pabina Yinkere, an analyst at Lagos-based fund manager Vetiva Capital Management Ltd.
 Executives, including Kindler, met in September to discuss a succession plan and decided Read would become chief operating officer, taking over some CEO responsibilities, said the person, who declined to be named because the deliberations were private.
 “It is particularly ironic for credit-card companies like Discover to charge people’s accounts for optional fee-based products without their informed consent because the credit-card company touts its fraud prevention capabilities,” she said.
 “We invest in high-quality, high-growth companies and they are particularly well-positioned today -- maybe better than any time in the past 10 years -- because they have the best balance sheets in a world where cash is king,” said Stanford, Connecticut-based Galvin, whose $3.
 The cost of violence to Mexico’s economy is difficult to calculate because much of it is tied to lost opportunity, Cervera says.
 “We decided to offer a worldwide version because the segment for small, compact cars is bound to grow significantly in the coming years around the globe,” Mattes said.
 “This is a very important product for the Saarlouis plant because it strengthens the development center and creates jobs.
 At the same time, inflation would ease the mortgage burden because borrowers are paying interest and principal in dollars that are worth less.
 “Keeping the Chinese currency too low is bad for the American economy because it hurts our trade,” the chairman said in excerpts of the interview posted on the CBS News website.
 Executives, including Kindler, met in September to discuss a succession plan and decided Read would become chief operating officer, taking over some CEO responsibilities, said the person, who declined to be named because deliberations were private.
 “Their fans can relate to the stars because they can follow them throughout the season,” she said.
 “If I have to resort to other tactics, I will, because I have to balance this budget.
 But it doesn’t matter, because without tough decisions of both sides, nothing can move.
 “Banks have chosen a high-risk profile, probably because they believe the period of low interest rates will last.
 I can’t take my foot off the gas just because I achieved something great at Augusta.
 “These big cities interest people because they have more job opportunities, education opportunities and medical resources,” Mao said.
 These manufacturers claim that renewing the EU trade protection is justified because Indian competitors continue to receive government aid and to pose a dumping threat, according to the commission.
 In 2003 a referendum failed because too few people voted.
 Talent managers should develop an internal successor if at all possible, if only because the need to look outside sends the wrong message about an organization's leadership development capabilities.
 “The winds are expected to increase later this afternoon, and that can cause spotting of other blazes because the fuel is so incredibly dry,” said Terri Wildermuth, a spokeswoman for the teams that are battling the fire, in a telephone interview.
 UniSource is bringing backup power supplies online, starting local natural gas-fueled plants that don’t always run because it costs more to produce power from those units than it does to get electricity over the threatened transmission lines, Joe Salkowski, a TEP spokesman, said yesterday.
 Jyotirmoy Dey was killed when four men on two motorcycles fired at him in the city’s Powai area, said the official, who declined to give his name because he is not authorized to speak to the press.
 “A lot of them find it easy to move across because their relatives are there.
 The economy will probably recover from recent weakness in part because a surge in commodity prices, the March earthquake in Japan and “severe weather” in the U.
 “I’m going to bet on him, not only because I own the horse but this year unprecedented things have happened in every single race, so why bet on one of the favorites.
 “After Monte Carlo, I didn’t play Barcelona because I had to do a treatment, new treatment.
 In a contribution to an oral-history project at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2009, he said : “Just because a new investment fad sweeps through certain crowds, that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s a smart place to put your money.
 have been at odds over whether debt reduction or economic stimulus should take precedence, with Chancellor Angela Merkel this week saying Europe’s debt levels have to be reduced because they are one of the main causes of the crisis.
 The cuts should be “not too fast, because we still need the stimulus in many of the weaker major economies, but not too slow either because ultimately we’d all pay the price for that,” he said.
 “The fact that we haven’t had a storm yet doesn’t mean anything because hurricane season usually starts slow.
” The storm’s potential track across the Yucatan may keep it from becoming a hurricane because it will lose strength over land, said Jeff Masters , co-founder of Weather Underground Inc .
 “The fact that we haven’t had a storm yet doesn’t mean anything because hurricane season usually starts slow.
 The new studies show that taspoglutide works to keep diabetes in check, though Roche said last week it would delay filing to regulators because too many patients suffered side effects when taking the medicine.
” Whatever accomplishments Obama may point to before November’s elections, Fields said he is skeptical they will help Democrats, because what is most remembered is the partisan hostility involved with passing such measures as health care.
 Gbagbo’s refusal to accept defeat in a November 2010 presidential vote sparked five months of violence that killed as many as 3,000 people “These elections are important because they will give us a proper parliament,” said 31-year-old Serges Gbahou after casting a vote in a residential suburb of Abidjan.
 He said he came to support Hazare, because his family is fed up with having to pay bribes to government officials to secure basic public services such as getting a new passport.
 “The politicians don’t seem interested in doing anything about it because most of them are corrupt.
html Patients with early stages of Hodgkin lymphoma should get only chemotherapy to treat the cancer because adding radiation leads to higher death rates, according to a Canadian and U.
 The three buyout funds took part in second-round bidding for CVC’s Taminco last week and a winner may be chosen as soon as this week, said the people, who declined to be identified because the sale process is private.
 Major League Baseball hasn’t commented on the issue because Braun is disputing the drug test through arbitration, ESPN said.
 Hungary needs to see the full text of the EU accord, for which European leaders set a March deadline, before making a decision because it remains unclear what obligations the countries aspiring to join the euro area will face according to the new rules, Orban said.
 Both declined to be identified because the negotiations are secret.
 She declined in part because of a book manuscript she is writing that is due in a few months, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the inquiry was private.
 “I just don’t think that’s a big issue with Mark because he can deal with the pain of any short-term hit to power through and get to where he wants to go.
 Lloyds’s board is requiring the 47-year-old to undergo medical examinations to show he’s well enough to return, said the person, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 The State Department, which has jurisdiction because the pipeline crosses an international border, has said it will rule on plan in 2013 to allow time to study a new route that avoids the environmentally sensitive Sandhills region in Nebraska.
html Repayment calls from Europe probably won’t cause a currency-exchange crunch among South Korean banks because the lenders already have secured enough foreign-asset liquidity, the Asian country’s financial regulator said.
 ‘Can’t Lean Back’ “We need to work on making this happen quickly, because we have to regain the lost trust of the financial markets and investors across the globe,” Schaeuble said in an interview on Germany’s ARD television late yesterday.
 intelligence officials said, because Shamsi was used primarily to repair drones.
 It’s believable because great things only happen with hard work.
 “I’m happy for our fans, happy for our city, because this is what I got into the NFL for, to bring a championship to Houston,” Texans owner Bob McNair told reporters in the locker room.
 The transaction will include Boardwalk Resources, a privately held coal mining investment company backed by Nathan Tinkler , Aston’s chairman, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 28 article on the topic, said in a point-by-point response that it considered the data secret because the terms of the loans and names of borrowers were withheld.
” Massachusetts Representative Barney Frank, the senior Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said he saw no need for the disclosure because the Fed has no role in approving the ultimate borrowers.
 official speaking on condition of anonymity because the incident is still being investigated.
 Two of them, Zoe and Jack, have first-place medals from Athens in 2004; the third, Jack’s wife, Kate, missed out because taking care of their new baby, Sophie, put a crimp in her training.
 Tin’s allegations amounted to a “tissue of lies” because building leases showing higher rents than actually collected were being used before the bankers began working on the deal, Martin Rogers, a lawyer representing Deutsche Bank, said today.
 That requires further follow-up because there were so few women in it, Devore said.
 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, BNP Paribas SA, Credit Agricole SA, Banco Santander SA and Societe Generale SA are organizing the meetings, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Premium carmakers won’t attract new clients just because they are now present in the inner cities.
 Evans “would be getting more traction right now, because it does appear the Fed can pursue an easier policy without threatening an inflation problem,” Silvia said.
 Inflation Goal While the Fed in January joined other central banks including the Bank of Mexico and the Reserve Bank of New Zealand in adopting an inflation goal, it differs from many of its counterparts because it also must follow a congressional mandate to promote full employment, or the maximum amount of jobs created before companies bid up wages.
8 billion), one of the people said, asking not to be identified because the plan is confidential.
 After Slim’s offer for KPN was announced in May, KPN accelerated the talks with Telefonica, the person said, asking not to be identified because the talks were private.
 Attractive Investment “We think TCL is an attractive investment because the migration toward more LED TVs will improve their product mix,” said Yu.
 The company will market the facility to lenders in Asia next week with meetings planned in Tokyo on July 23, Taipei on July 25 and Singapore on July 26, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, also defended his warning, saying interest rates haven’t gone up only because so many other nations are in such bad shape.
 and will be of benchmark size, typically at least $500 million, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “That’s a silver lining because the recent economic data flow has been weak.
 Queensland Reds players weren’t included in the 27-man group, which will assemble for a camp in Sydney from July 24-26, because the team is involved in the Super Rugby playoffs.
 (LVS) had said it would apply for the extension because it would be unable to meet the April deadline.
 Manulife offered to buy most of the regional unit, while Korea Life bid for ING’s Southeast Asian business, said the people, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 will stay underweight on the Russian market because corporate governance improvements are slow and the country is too reliant on oil and gas.
 “We’ll likely see some new entrants from credit unions in other provinces because Ontario happens to be one of the provinces where the market share of credit unions is relatively low,” said Jackson, who will join other cooperative officials this week at the World Credit Union Conference in Gdansk, Poland .
 “It’s important that the credit union industry as a whole has more flexibility in terms of growth options, because this is a scale business and growth is important,” Redies, 50, said.
 The cause was complications from a bacterial infection, according to a person with direct knowledge of the situation who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 “There will be an extra input of soldiers, and this is something that gives us tranquility, because the soldiers will compensate for the security people that will not be provided by G4S,” Rogge said.
 The government has also defended the flat tax and a new financial-transaction tax, to be introduced in January, which the central bank has said is illegal because it seeks to extend the levy on the independent Magyar Nemzeti Bank.
html More than half of Europe’s money market funds by assets have closed because securities they invest in pay negative returns after the European Central Bank cut interest rates, according to Standard & Poor’s.
 “The plaintiffs still have a tough row to hoe because it is public policy to encourage settlement of legal disputes, including patent disputes,” Erik Gordon , a business professor at the University of Michigan , said in an e-mail.
 “It’s a tricky area very much driven by the facts of each particular case because there can be an antitrust violation or no violation whatsoever in circumstances that at first glance appear to be the same.
 Thunderstorms over the weekend caused “major damage” in Brandenburg and harvest work had to be interrupted because fields were no longer accessible, according to the BVA.
 “Anyone who tells you sequestration is going to simply disappear because both sides want to avoid it is either fooling themselves or trying to fool you,” she said.
 By nudging their own firms’ submissions up or down in small increments they could boost the value of their trading books or cut their losses, said the people, who asked not to be identified because regulators are still investigating the Libor- setting process.
 ‘Kicked Out’ One former trader interviewed by Bloomberg News, who asked not to be identified as he’s being investigated by regulators, said he and his colleagues tried to influence his bank’s rate- setters over a period of years because it was easy and even small movements helped their profit and loss accounts.
 The 5-megawatt facility qualifies for the top level of feed-in tariff because it was finished before the government cut rates in August 2011.
 Lower volatility makes investments in currencies of nations with higher benchmark interest rates more attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 ‘Very Sizable’ “He won’t leave not because we are defending him but because a very, very sizable part of the country’s population is behind him,” he said.
 Yet they are touching testimony to a lifelong, day-to-day intimacy, preserved in a way impossible in our age because such correspondence takes place by text message or phone calls.
 Rozenblyum said he’s certain who tipped off the robbers because they also stole documents that are of interest to a specific person, the state-run Russian news service said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 IPad Effect “Intel realizes that their view of the market influences the market because they are the market,” said Caso.
 The new debt may be rated Aa3, the fourth-highest investment-grade level, by Moody’s Investors Service, according to a person familiar with the transaction who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 The bank restated first-quarter results, paring profit by $459 million, in part because an internal review revealed that U.
 Bruno Iksil, known as the London Whale because his positions became so large, ran the credit derivatives book that generated the losses.
 Credit derivatives and other securities traded by Iksil were more difficult to price because they traded less frequently, and not on open exchanges.
 All but three of the 25 largest shareholders acquired stock at a higher average price, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 has avoided the turbulence rocking Europe, where five nations have sought bailouts as their borrowing costs soared because investors boycotted their bonds.
 has struggled to address the problem of banks that are deemed too big to fail, those that would need a government bailout if they were about to collapse because they might take down the economy.
8 billion trading loss: Not because it couldn’t absorb this particular blow, but because it underscores how risky the biggest banks are to taxpayers.
 Size gives the biggest banks a competitive advantage through lower funding costs because markets assume the government has extended an implicit guarantee to prop them up.
 Last year, 4,701 people left the list because they died, while another 2,466 became too sick for a transplant.
 Abbas offered nothing in the way of serious concessions in 2009 in part because he thought Obama would do the hard work of squeezing Israel.
, the bankrupt business-jet maker, shouldn’t be sold to a buyer owned by the Chinese government because the deal would endanger jobs and national security, a U.
 Banks like to provide home loans to high-net-worth clients because they can pay off the loan quickly, if needed, and are better credit risks, said Sandi Bragar, director of planning at San Francisco wealth manager Aspiriant.
 “Even if someone would be able to pay off that mortgage with cash or other assets, they don’t want to tie up their holdings in real estate because they may have access to other types of more attractive investments,” he said.
 Buyers favor very large crude carriers, each carrying about 2 million barrels, for the journey because they are more economical.
 “Migdal is the most affected because most of its business is in the life insurance sector,” Alon Glazer, an analyst at Leader Capital Markets (LDRC) Ltd.
 “The WTI-based cracks are also strong because half that margin is the Brent-WTI spread.
 That can fool you, because the wines gain weight and complexity with age.
 Open last month, is skipping the British Open because his wife is expecting their second child.
 has avoided the turbulence rocking Europe , where five nations have sought bailouts as their borrowing costs soared because investors boycotted their bonds.
 It was hard because it was hot,” said Wiggins, who changed his bike early in the stage because of a mechanical problem.
 Meat Record “It’s a bigger picture than: Woe is the farmer because he has a drought,” said Wes Stockdale, whose family has been farming in Indiana for 150 years.
 “If not for that, I would think about backing out because cash flow is going to be hurting pretty bad this year.
 “It’s a risky maneuver because usually when you mark down prices competition will follow,” Mui said.
 Bancorp -- met with lenders July 13 to discuss details of the new loan, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 “As he continued, people realized Bernanke overall remains pessimistic and didn’t send a clear-cut signal because he wants to buy time.
 Lower volatility makes investments in currencies of nations with higher benchmark interest rates more attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 Not Selling “Usually at this time we’re selling planters and tillage and we’re not selling near what we have in the past because people are waiting to see how bad this drought is,” said Allen.
 The court decision may increase the number of people who pay the penalty because it changed the perception of the law, Holtz-Eakin said.
 The drop raises the prospect of “serious budget problems” for municipalities because it coincides with employee benefit costs soaring and states cutting local aid, wrote Lucy Dadayan, a senior policy analyst at the institute who co-wrote the report.
 P&G may hire both an external public-relations firm and banks in coming days, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 has avoided the turmoil rocking Europe, where five nations have sought bailouts as their borrowing costs soared because investors boycotted their bonds.
 Treasury gets a pass, in part because the liquidity in that market brings buyers in that would maybe not be there if there was a viable alternative,” Auwaerter, 56, said in a recent interview at Vanguard’s headquarters, where he oversees about $675 billion of fixed-income assets.
 “He won’t leave, not because we are defending him, but because a very, very sizable part of the country’s population is behind him,” he said.
html South Korean Finance Minister Bahk Jae Wan ruled out additional fiscal stimulus for now, saying it could do more harm than good because the global economy is too weak to make it meaningful.
 and Morgan Stanley are managing the sale, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 Were cramdown utilized, the settlement wouldn’t work because shareholders would receive nothing.
 Carey said that reserves were properly removed from the plan because he has ruled on the treatment they are entitled to receive.
 Disposing of unwanted files presents ethical problems because files contain confidential information.
 Consequently, the circuit court ruled in its unsigned, two-page opinion that shareholders didn’t have any “cognizable interest” in how the suit was settled because it belonged to the company, not to them.
 “The American people are not giving us a very high approval rating because they are tired of us not being able to get anything done.
 Difficult Politically For cities and counties, filing a Chapter 9 case is also more difficult because it requires a vote of elected officials.
 In Nebraska, Chapter 9 bankruptcies are more like prepackaged Chapter 11 cases because the district owners and creditors most often work out an agreement beforehand, he said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The cause of death was complications from a bacterial infection, according to a person with direct knowledge of the situation who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
” “This is regrettable, primarily because art in general, and literature specifically, can be a significant tool in building cultural bridges, in presenting the other and in creating a climate of tolerance and compassion,” Gurevitch said.
 “If it is handled properly, lending will be more efficient because the lenders know the community around them.
 Because the secularists expect to elect a president, and because Tunisia has a long presidential tradition, they tend to favor strong presidential powers.
 “This is primarily because the questions were drafted specifically to seek his personal views on the near-collapse of RBS.
 Other labels that could be offered for sale include EMI Classics , Capitol Records and Parlophone Records , said the person, who asked not to be identified because the plans are not public.
 The negotiations were “very complicated” because all the partners were involved and Romney and his lawyers were hard to reach, Conard said yesterday on MSNBC’s “Up with Chris Hayes.
 I say “hide” because a firm is nothing but an organized group of individuals.
 lawmakers yesterday that he passed along instructions from then Chief Executive Officer Robert Diamond about the rate because he believed the Bank of England was concerned about its lending costs in 2008.
 “Women’s representation, though small, will help women because their issues will be addressed more.
 Discussion Topics An agreement should address the free movement of data because manufacturers rely on the flow of information and services to facilitate their cross-border operations, according to the Coalition of Service Industries, a Washington-based trade group.
 Investors are also buying rate-linked notes because they believe the volatility of interest rates , which fell to the lowest level since April 2010 in December, will further decline this year, said Vincent Berard, head of interest rates and foreign-exchange structuring at BNP Paribas SA (BNP) in London.
 “I’m comfortable because I see a clear path ahead.
 Now it's time to build on these bedrock skills and actively pursue disruption, recognizing that because you are trying something new, you may not make the grade initially.
 Some strategists use fund inflows as a contrary indicator because they suggest investors with a positive view of the market have already purchased shares.
 Asset purchases by the Fed will “almost certainly increase the risk of complicating the FOMC’s exit strategy” from record stimulus because bonds will need to eventually be sold, George said today in a speech in Kansas City, Missouri .
 “You can see where there may be some arguments because they brought Matt Flynn in.
 Companies that get in early should get the biggest benefit because government guarantees will vanish if the rail business booms, Bes’s Oey said.
 The energy regulator will challenge a magistrate judge’s November order blocking a review of unredacted copies of 25 e- mails because they involve attorney communications, it said today in a filing in federal court in Washington.
 “Faster inflation in China is negative because it means less room for eventual stimulus measures that could strengthen the economy,” Pedro Galdi , the chief strategist at Sao Paulo- based brokerage SLW Corretora, said in a phone interview.
 Cash Flow The company cut its free cash flow forecast for fiscal 2013 because it bought and paid for inventory sooner than it anticipated.
 Such a clause constitutes a forward contract, which may not meet takeover rules, said the person, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 Companies that get in early should get the biggest benefit because government guarantees will vanish if the rail business booms, Bes’s Oey said.
 Consumer Protection Rosch said he would have favored a combined antitrust and consumer-protection case alleging Google misleads consumers when it says it collects data about users to their benefit, because he said the search engine is using the information to deliver users advertisements targeted to their interests.
 It’s probably more exciting to work on this, because it costs a lot to work on mature fields.
 The notes won’t be categorized as liquid assets under regulations approved last week by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision because the underlying mortgages have an average loan-to-value ratio of 95 percent, a quirk of the Dutch housing finance system, where borrowers take on more debt because they can use tax deductions in place since the 19th century.
 Still, Bats’s errors are probably specific to the company’s trading processes, said the person who asked not to be named because the matter is confidential.
 When the spending finally has to stop, that doesn’t mean default, because debt interest can be protected.
) Barro also says the 14th Amendment maneuver is the more dangerously radical option, partly because its legality is in greater doubt and partly because .
 (SBK) , Commerzbank AG (CBK) and Commercial International Bank Egypt SAE (COMI) also agreed to the payment after walking away from the restructuring talks in July with Dubai Group, an investment company owned by Dubai’s ruler, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 That onus is because the ECB lacks fresh stimulus tools, with another interest-rate cut unlikely to deliver much, said Carsten Brzeski , an economist at ING Group in Brussels.
6 billion at the end of 2011, said the people, who declined to be identified because the London-based hedge fund is private.
 “I think that will be a game changer in the market because consumers will be able to see in a single document the main key points they need to know without all of the fine print that has often obscured and confused consumers,” Cordray said in a Bloomberg Television interview yesterday.
 “Those figures were disappointing because the end of the year usually represents a good time for retailers,” Karina Freitas, an analyst at brokerage Concordia SA in Sao Paulo , said in a phone interview.
 The 2012 presidential campaign focused attention on the taxation of private-equity managers because Republican nominee Mitt Romney , the former chief executive officer of Bain Capital LLC, built his wealth in the industry.
7 million of income because much of his income was taxed at preferential rates.
 Indeed, city leaders regarded even the original consent agreement, which came backed by the state credit card, as an affront just because it required them to clean up their books under state oversight.
 Many in Detroit still believe that the city is going broke not because it overpromised but because of meddling from Lansing, Michigan 's capital.
" A conventional Chapter 9 bankruptcy would be legally arduous because each side will mount pitched court battles to get a bigger portion of the spoils.
 “We have made advances that will make businesses more competitive, that will create the conditions for more employment because there will be greater flexibility in the labor market.
 “We must be free, not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it,” is taken from a 1956 Faulkner essay, “On Fear: The South in Labor,” according to court papers.
 “In both years, spending was affected by a shift of certain payments from January to December -- because January 1 is a holiday -- but spending this December also was affected by a shift of certain payments into November,” the CBO said.
 “ The strong growth in withheld taxes may be attributable in part to an acceleration in the payment of some compensation from calendar year 2013 to 2012 because people were anticipating higher tax rates,” the CBO said.
 While acknowledging the incidents have marred the Dreamliner’s record, Conner said none have been a threat because the plane has so many layers of safety protections.
 “Investor interest in Chinese property bonds remains strong because they offer relatively better yields than other sectors.
 Partnerships are formed in patent sales because they allow competitors to neutralize potential infringement litigation.
 output and recovering shipments from Iraq threaten to oversupply the global oil market, the Persian Gulf person said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “This analysis isn’t wrong, but our balance of payments actually isn’t bad because in terms of balance of payments, we can’t look at only the current- account deficit but we must also look at capital and financial transactions which are still positive.
 And in Latin America “the issue is whether these products are viable in that locality or not because they are Spanish speaking people.
 “All these people are realizing they need to know English because with the spread of the Internet, they have to learn English to be part of the globalized world.
 “We are confident because we already have had some presence for sometime,” Karpe said.
 The bank made the recommendation to some clients last month after SAC disclosed that regulators may file civil fraud claims against it, said the person, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 output and recovering shipments from Iraq threaten to oversupply the global oil market, the Persian Gulf person said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
” The Herald is now leasing a smaller office building in the city’s Seaport District “simply because we did not need all the space,” Gwen Gage, a spokeswoman, said in an e-mail.
 Mortgage Forecast Wells Fargo may be hurt more than other lenders because mortgage banking accounts for 13 percent of revenue, compared with an average of 8 percent at peers, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Multifamily properties have been the strongest segment of commercial property because demand is outstripping supply, Frater said.
 “You end up having deterioration in the accounts because I think imports will grow faster than exports.
 would start to lose its safe-haven status because you had a number of messages all questioning how sacrosanct the U.
” Besides Buono, possible challengers include state Senator Richard Codey, who served 14 months as governor after James McGreevey resigned in 2004 amid a sex scandal, and Senate President Stephen Sweeney, who came under fire this week after saying that Christie “prayed and got lucky” that Sandy hit because it detracted from his lack of a jobs plan.
 Charamporn said yesterday’s stock decline “isn’t concerning,” because the SET index moved in line with regional peers.
 Entertainment unit contend the Siegel family wanted to escape the 2001 agreement because they were approached by a different lawyer, Marc Toberoff, who proposed a plan to get them more money.
 Toberoff contended there was never an agreement because Warner Bros.
 They asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The buyer, who she declined to identify, was seeking a house in London because his children are being educated in U.
 November is traditionally a weak month for Japan’s account because smaller dividend payments reduce income from overseas investments, according to Maruyama.
 Company rules bar changing such plans once they’re created, said three people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 are set to extend the maturity of 360 billion yen ($4 billion) of loans due June 30, said the person, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Business Model “We have an easy to understand business model because we just collect deposits in the region and lend to businesses in the region,” Gruentker said.
 “People also like that because they can see that we do good things for their area and for society.
 The bank, which has about $3 billion in assets, hired Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP to run the sale process, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 is valuable real estate on the banking side because you have a very stable workforce, a wealthy workforce,” Miller said.
 The increase in capacity would benefit Norway because Germany would be able to ship excess output to the Nordic nation to pump water into higher reservoirs to be released at periods of high demand, according to Rolle.
 Inflation may exceed 3 percent next month because the weeklong Chinese New Year holiday falls in February this year after being in January in 2012, said Li Miaoxian, a Beijing- based economist with Bocom International Holdings Co.
 Those Republicans “don’t feel like they have to reach out for any kind of bipartisan compromise or find middle ground because they come from such conservative districts,” said David T.
 ALBRIGHT: No, I don’t think so, because I think that the president has made very clear what his message is on Iran, as have others, with senator and about-to-be Secretary of State Kerry, if confirmed.
 Also, I think in terms of now providing assistance for Patriot missiles in Turkey , because people are afraid of the spread of things.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
html The Food and Drug Administration has advised that doses of sleeping pills containing zolpidem, such as Sanofi's Ambien, be cut in half for women because we metabolize the drug more slowly than men do.
 When presented with a surprising idea, smart organizations will bravely listen, because what comes next might just be game-changing innovation.
 An engineer, he says, because engineers help other people solve problems.
 Rubin lost a bid last week to postpone the trial because his wife is in the final stages of terminal cancer.
 “The central bank cannot cut the rate at this level because private sector borrowing is still high,” Alex Aheebwa, a research analyst at African Alliance Uganda Ltd.
” For years, Intel processors failed to win orders in the mobile-phone market, mostly because they were too energy-hungry to work in a device that consumers expect to last days between charges.
 That’s because existing security software may not be compatible with computers based on non-Intel chips.
 Rubin tried unsuccessfully to have the trial postponed because his wife is in the final stages of terminal cancer.
 A recommendation from Centurion, Platinum and Level 3 would have been a lie because he had stopped paying them, Rothstein said.
 The firm didn’t warn Orton and other investors that there was a possibility they wouldn’t receive the anticipated tax credits because the partnerships, set up to sell biomass gas from landfills to generate electricity, didn’t meet the statutory requirements for the credits.
 Democrats have said Thomas should recuse himself because his wife, Virginia, has worked for groups that oppose the law.
 Others indicated that because part of the recent decline in the jobless rate was associated with a reduction in labor force participation, the drop in the unemployment rate likely overstated the overall improvement in the labor market.
” The results suggest the obesity epidemic may be worse than is currently known because those with lower body weight may have undetected layers of fat that can harm their health, the researchers said.
 Managers working on ideas discover that detailed PowerPoint documents are their biggest enemy, because the details act as bait for nit-picking devil's advocates.
 We won't proceed unless an individual raises his or her hand to lead the effort, because ultimately that individual will have to spend a day a week or more with the company if we make an investment.
 Along some dimensions, this decision is pretty easy because we have narrowed our focus to a couple of key issues.
 Santorum is urging voters not to settle for someone who doesn’t share their beliefs on such issues as ending abortions and cutting government spending just because they think that person can beat Obama this year.
 “There is improved stability in the generation sector because there has been enough rain that the dams are full,” Caleb Mutai, an analyst at Nairobi-based Tsavo Securities Ltd.
 Sales are also on the rise because Japanese carmakers have rebuilt dealer inventories.
 “There is improved stability in the generation sector because there has been enough rain that the dams are full,” Caleb Mutai, an analyst at Nairobi-based Tsavo Securities Ltd.
 “It is a big number and obviously, because many governments are still in a deficit situation, the debt continues to accumulate and that’s one of the biggest problems,” Elwin de Groot, an economist at Rabobank Nederland in Utrecht, Netherlands , part of the world’s biggest agricultural lender, said in an interview on Dec.
 We have a huge dependence on external capital flows and if something goes wrong there then we have serious problems because we have seen the rupee fall and lose almost about 20 percent without any significant trigger.
” On outlook for the rupee: “The currency problem is serious because it has happened all too suddenly.
 “More and more people are buying corn because they are concerned about the shortages in supply due to the drought,” Benjamin Swanepoel, a trader at Trademar Futures, said in an interview from Johannesburg.
 “People did take retirement because they had enough years and it was a simple calculation of how much they thought they might lose,” Pratt said in a telephone interview.
 The companies asked the state Supreme Court to overturn the verdict, saying Smith County Circuit Judge Eddie Bowen had a conflict of interest because his parents had asbestos legal claims, including one against Union Carbide.
 “Dana Gas needs to do something for this refinancing sooner rather than later, because if they leave it to later it becomes a time issue.
 “Our analysis shows that readmission may be preventable because rates are nearly one-third lower in other countries suggesting the U.
 Lethem: We latch on to a few totemic things, and because the entropy of culture is so disturbing, we love to talk about the things that will endure forever.
 I don’t know who Snooki is because no one whose tastes I care about has ever said, “Actually, you’ve got to check this out.
 It gave me permission to talk about what I knew, what I felt in my bones about growing up there and being from this very complicated, marvelous place, because other people had laid some tracks for me.
 The use of CDS spreads or bond yields to complement OECD classifications may not make it into the final rule, according to two regulators involved in drafting the proposal who asked not to be identified because the discussions are continuing.
 While Iran has the military capability to disrupt shipping at least temporarily, it would hurt itself by doing so because it is dependent on the waterway for its oil-export revenues, according to analysts such as Ali Nader of the RAND Corp.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 The president of AseraCare Hospice, David Friend, said in the statement, “Each one of our hospice patients is in our care because two independent physicians have certified his or her eligibility and because the individual has made a decision to focus on care and comfort when a cure is not possible.
 “So far I cannot reveal what the measures are because they are not ready yet, but we will take measures that might be harsh,” he said.
 “During 2012, we have no intention of raising menu prices, especially because we are attempting to insulate our customers from inflation,” Steak ‘n Shake CEO Sardar Biglari said in a statement.
 This year’s 5 percent goal is achievable because inflation will start slowing from May, according to the bank’s projections.
 Perry “lacks standing to assert an injury arising from the inability to circulate his own petitions because there is no averment that he stood ready, willing and able to circulate his own petitions and there is no basis for concluding that he would have collected a sufficient number of valid signatures,” the state said.
” About 7 million barrels of wastewater from drilling have been injected annually into Ohio wells without incident because the practice is closely regulated, Thomas E.
 There’s no evidence that something other than the Youngstown well is causing the earthquakes because they occurred nearby and close to the depth of the injections, Kim said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 That’s a bullish signal because it means there are more people who may change their minds and buy stocks in 2012, he said.
 “In the medium term, I don’t see many risks because Italy has a very solid ability to pay,” Alessio de Longis, a portfolio manager at Oppenheimer Funds in New York , said in a Dec.
 Sending Message “Moving the case from the Ministry of Trade and Industry to the Petroleum Ministry sent a message that Saudi Arabia is taking this case very seriously” because Prince Abdulaziz wields considerable power, Abdulrahman al-Zamil, a trade representative for Saudi petrochemical makers in Riyadh , said by telephone yesterday.
 (IHS) “Initially, this looks like a pretty low number because it does not fully reflect the value of the assets Exxon lost,” Brinker said yesterday in a telephone interview from Norwalk, Connecticut .
 A recommendation from Centurion, Platinum and Level 3 would have been a lie because he had stopped paying them, Rothstein said.
 It troubled me, probably because they were actually dealing the pot out of the office while I was in the middle of running a several-hundred-million-dollar Ponzi scheme.
 A dish of venison with a sour-cherry sauce stands out from the opening days because the sauce was an unexpected and pleasant surprise.
 ‘Fiscal Stability’ “I am concerned about fiscal stability in future because our fiscal deficit has worsened in the past three years,” Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in a New Year’s statement to the nation.
 That’s because they face heightened competition, including efforts by Toyota Motor Corp.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “So far, I cannot reveal what the measures are because they are not ready yet, but we will take measures that might be harsh.
 The company said Chief Financial Officer Carla Smits-Nusteling will step down because she failed to agree with a new management structure.
 LNG is contributing to the gain because it links consumers with producers that may be too far apart to connect by pipeline.
 The EU is considering plans to apply capital adequacy rules designed for insurers to pension funds, a move that will penalize investments in private-equity funds because they are illiquid, said the Brussels-based lobby group, which represents about 850 firms including Apax Partners LLP and Cinven Ltd.
 Pension funds, which have accounted for a third of funds raised by European firms since 2006, would follow insurers and lenders in selling private equity assets because those holdings would become too expensive to hold under the new rules, the EVCA said.
 They declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 "You don't want a whole bunch of buildings and the whole community closed down, because then it shuts down the economy," says Michael Cochran, a spokesman and former president of the Structural Engineers Association of Southern California , which sent representatives to Chile after the quake.
 Canara Robeco’s InDigo Fund, which wasn’t included in the ranking because it also invests in gold, returned 14.
 “We expect that there will be speculation that the CFO is leaving either because there could be another profit warning in the pipeline or that there was discord on the financial direction of the company, in particular short-term leverage.
 “We have consistently avoided paid sponsorships, including paying bloggers to promote our products, because these kind of promotions are not transparent or in the best interests of users,” Google said.
 “We should not fall out of line with what is happening in Europe because that is where our destiny lies, at least for the new-term future,” Bernander said.
 Mezzanine debt is a blend of debt and equity that tends to yield more than comparable securities because it ranks behind other obligations in the event of default.
 The talks will take place from June 4 in London, the people said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The father and son said they weren’t aware of the extent of the hacking because subordinates had kept it from them and lawyers had bungled internal probes.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Corona told a Senate tribunal today that his failure to declare the deposits didn’t violate a law requiring public workers to declare their assets, liabilities and net worth because these are secret under Philippine law.
83 million) in bank accounts, not all of which was disclosed in an asset statement because it is jointly owned by relatives of his wife.
 Dell is among several companies that made offers for Quest Software after it agreed in March to be bought by private-equity and venture-capital firm Insight Venture Partners for about $2 billion, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The asset management arm of Goldman Sachs in Japan will begin the REIT as early as July and plans to expand the fund to 100 billion yen in two years, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Dell is among several companies that made offers for Quest Software after it agreed in March to be bought by private-equity and venture-capital firm Insight Venture Partners for about $2 billion, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 But research revealed that the Dutch roses it relied on instead generated six times as much in the way of greenhouse gases, largely because they were literally grown in greenhouses.
 Ackermann said at the time that he was confident Greece could repay its debt because the nation was committed to reform.
 “Maybe some lower-income earners feel resentment to foreigners because they may feel that their jobs have been taken away,” said Loh Wai Meng, a Singaporean sales manager at IPG Photonics Corp.
 “We have turned optimistic about the A-share market this year because valuations are already at relatively low levels and the government has the ability to deliver steady economic growth and maintain economic stability.
 Swap rates are usually higher than those on government debt because they are based on bank transactions that contain credit risk.
 An agreement could be announced as soon as this weekend, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
 The battery pack makers may be hurt the most because shipments of Apple Inc.
 The slowdown in growth may not necessarily be bad in the long term because it provides a chance to improve the way resources are distributed and make investment decisions based more on market demand, said Liu, director of a financial research office at CASS.
 Acreage hasn’t fallen as much as in the rest of China because the land is more suitable to growing cotton, she said.
 “No one believes in the plan, but no one wants it to fail, because if it fails, the emperor is proven to have had no clothes, and that requires the powers to come up with an alternative, which no one wants to do,” Miller said in a telephone interview.
 The company also told brokers that limit orders to sell shares for at least $43 each after the social network’s initial public offering won’t be filled because of low volume at that price range on May 18, said the person, who requested anonymity because the call was private.
 Kottlowski said Bud won’t be able to re-form because it will have been too damaged and the water off the coast is too cool.
 “It is still debatable whether or not one buys into equity markets at these levels because uncertainties are profound, but value is starting to be seen,” said Andrew Milligan , head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments Ltd in Edinburgh.
5 year $750 million term loan with proceeds being used to finance the acquisition of the Creole Trail Pipeline, said a person familiar with the transaction, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 Differentials are “softening again” also because the the Indonesian currency weakened, Volcafe said, referring to a discount or a premium paid to obtain physical coffee in relation to the price on the futures market.
 “This is not like the boom because they were buying here because they want to live here, not because they want to make an investment.
 “It’s occurring because builders finally got rid of their inventory, and demand is starting to pick up.
” Fragile Recovery Homebuyers are choosing to pay a premium for a new home because foreclosures often require repair, and short sales, where the property is sold for less than the amount owed, can take too long to complete, Hunter said.
” Publicly-traded homebuilders are taking market share from private firms because they have better access to financing and are able to buy land and build in the best locations, said Foley of Barclays.
 “The increase in Gazprom’s dividend payout to 25 percent is unlikely to be a one-off, in our view, because it was driven by the government,” UBS analysts led by Maxim Moshkov said in an e-mailed report.
 “It was a competitive, hotly contested series and that’s what it should be remembered for,” said Heat coach Erik Spoelstra, whose team was without Udonis Haslem and Dexter Pittman because they were suspended for striking Pacers players in Game 5.
 The estimate rose because an upper tax limit for each cash transfer has been removed from the latest draft of the law, the news website said, citing unidentified government officials.
 The notes will have a maturity of 18 months to two years, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 That enrichment facility has drawn particular attention from Israel because it would be difficult to destroy with an airstrike.
 The company offered to sell splitter-grade naphtha at $26 a metric ton above Middle East benchmark prices, $2 a ton lower than its initial offer earlier this week, the people said, declining to be identified because the discussions are ongoing and confidential.
 (C) didn’t immediately put Dewey in bankruptcy involuntarily because they saw more chance of collecting the bills outside of court, according to a person familiar with the firm’s finances.
’s (MBI) 2009 restructuring was approved by New York regulators because it protected all policyholders, including the banks challenging the decision, Marc Kasowitz , an attorney for the bond insurer, told a trial judge.
’s second-largest homebuilder by value, is the lead bidder for the residential project to be built near the City of London financial district and Liverpool Street rail station, said the people, who declined to be identified because the sale process is private.
 The company also told brokers that limit orders to sell shares for at least $43 each after the social network’s initial public offering won’t be filled because of low volume at that price range on May 18, said the person, who requested anonymity because the call was private.
 (6701) this week, according to the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because it may change.
 Obviously he’s not guilty of a Watergate-type scandal, and - but what I’m talking about is the deliberate strategy of telling Americans that the reason why they’re not doing well is because other Americans are doing too well or pitting men versus women.
 “Definitely there’s poor appetite from industrial companies, and there’s very little demand for borrowing because you still have this restraint on property development and then you have export sentiment going down,” said Pauline Dan , chief investment officer at Samsung Asset Management Co.
 (KBANK) “Importers may be buying the dollar as well because month-end demand is usually high and also because they are worried that the dollar may rise further.
 and EU have been at odds over establishing uniform standards, in part because decisions are set by member states in Europe and independent agencies in America, he said.
 The July 12 investor votes on the merger itself and the payments are unlikely to be de-linked because Zug, Switzerland- based Xstrata’s board regards ensuring the loyalty of its top executives as essential to the combination, the people said.
 The team of about 300 observers won’t be able to resume their work because conditions have become too dangerous, UN peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous told the Security Council yesterday, according to a UN diplomat present at a closed-door briefing.
 Stimulus measures granted in May to fuel vehicle sales will not erode credit quality because banks have become more selective since last year.
 Variable-rate and Sibor-pegged packages are more popular among home-loan borrowers than fixed-rate packages because they expect interest rates to remain low, said Phang Lah Hwa, the head of consumer secured lending at Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp.
 It did so not because the state abhors free speech, but because it required a bulwark against corporate corruption that had subverted the state’s laws and threatened the well-being of its citizens.
 The official declined to be identified because the meeting was private.
html For-profit colleges training security guards, medical assistants and law enforcement officers risk losing federal money because they leave students with debts they struggle to repay, the U.
 Deflationary Policies “The Czech economy isn’t growing because monetary policy is deflationary,” Lars Christensen, the chief emerging-markets economist at Danske Bank (DANSKE) AS said, adding the central bank had room to ease monetary policy.
 The 7-inch tablet running Android mobile software will be shown at the Google I/O conference, starting today in San Francisco, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 That number may increase, because the Gartner report was issued before Microsoft unveiled its Windows-based Surface tablet, which is likely to be released by the end of the year.
” Creating applications for Android can take more time because the software runs on many different devices, unlike Apple’s platform, which works only on its own phones and tablets, Holmes said.
 “The heavy rains are making people nervous about supplies,” because too much precipitation may lead to poor bean quality or black pod , a fungal disease, Sterling Smith, a commodity analyst at Citigroup Inc.
” Free Side Serving the liver as a free side to a dish would still be an illegal sale because patrons understand they will receive foie gras with their order, Pease said.
 Pannar decided against a deal with Syngenta after collaborating with the Swiss company on hybrid seed-testing, because it saw a lack of compatible technology compared to Pioneer, according to a court filing filed in May.
 Many of the concerns were legitimate because they were based on a lack of information.
 “This is a time when it’s good to be a friend of the Obama campaign, because you might be able to get some money for your business,” Romney said in Jackson, Mississippi , at an evening event that raised $1.
 As government delays payments, more pharmacists are going to face problems because margins in the sector are narrower.
 His move was announced internally at Rothschild and Third Avenue yesterday, said the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
-bound airliner was foiled because intelligence officials had infiltrated the terrorist group.
html Vale SA (VALE3) , the world’s largest iron- ore producer, is reviewing a plan to sell oil and natural-gas assets because the company wants to use gas for its operations in Brazil , said Vania Somavilla, Vale’s head of human resources and sustainability.
 “We want to use gas because its a transition fuel.
” Previous Generations Auto sales may also decelerate in part because younger people are less likely to have driving licenses and drive fewer miles than previous generations, AlixPartners said.
 Labor organizations have been reluctant to contribute to the convention because Charlotte lacks unionized hotels and is in a state where compulsory union membership or the payment of dues is prohibited as an employment condition.
 Buffett’s Example LightSquared filed for bankruptcy after the Federal Communications Commission said it would withdraw preliminary approval to build out a nationwide high-speed wireless network because it interfered with GPS devices.
 newspapers, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 Chief Executive Officer Vincent Smith prefers a sale to Insight over Dell because it would allow him to keep running the company, said the person, who asked not to be named because the negotiations are private.
 Finance ministers from the three AAA rated countries stood their ground last week, said the officials who asked not to be named because the talks were private.
 (STZ) to buy a stake in a distribution joint venture, said the person, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 Spain missed its deficit goal last year by almost 50 percent mainly because regional governments failed to cut spending enough and tax revenue slumped.
 Hybrid Style Funds like AlphaDex, which have an active element built into their rules-based indexes, reduce the risk of being copied because the proprietary nature of their models makes their asset selection difficult to predict.
 “The trend will continue as stricter guidelines for health and safety are implemented and because a higher standard of comfort is being demanded by pilgrims.
 Securing visas for hotel workers can be a long and laborious process and government quotas for hiring Saudi nationals are hard to meet because many see the work as menial, he said.
 The judge also found that there was evidence of possible suspect voting in company reorganization proceedings because Vitro used insiders to swamp outside creditors.
 Further sales gains also are possible because Modelo has done little so far to differentiate a family of beer brands that includes Modelo Especial, Negro Modelo and Victoria, Zuanic said in the e-mail.
 The Minneapolis bridge was completed so quickly, he said, because funding was available, there was a strong public support and agencies worked together.
 The planemaker is working to raise production 40 percent by the end of 2014, which is significant for revenue because airlines make about 40 percent of their payments upon delivery.
 The group, which opted not to pay dividends because it had raised 971 million rand of equity to fund a new nitric-acid complex, had expected it would resume paying in fiscal 2013.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Without such an order, Hewlett-Packard estimates it should be awarded more than $4 billion in damages, based on an extrapolation to 2020 that accounts for projected losses, said the person, who didn’t want to be identified because the court document containing the damages request is confidential.
 Private Equity “Individuals or entities that repeatedly fail to provide quality care should not be allowed to participate in Medicaid or other programs simply because they represent access points for services,” said James Crall, a professor of public health and community dentistry at the University of California , Los Angeles .
 officials say they declined to kick Church Street out because some clinics and dentists provided poor kids access to good care and because the company promised to make improvements.
 The government could have sought more than 10 times that amount but demanded less because its goal was to promote compliance, Demske said in an interview.
 Octopus and whelk caught on Friday went on sale at supermarkets after regular testing for radioactive caesium showed no detectable amounts; flounder, sea bass and other fish can’t be sold yet because they are still showing above the safe limit for radiation, the newspaper said.
 Genting made the application to the Independent Liquor & Gaming Authority in New South Wales state, said the person, who asked not to be identified because no announcement has been made.
 “I was desperate to get going, because there was a lot of talk from a lot of people.
 Governor Masaaki Shirakawa told reporters on May 23 there would be “large demerits” to reducing the deposit rate because it could lead to a decline in money-market trading.
” That’s because banks, trying to preserve their deposit bases by paying customers a reasonable interest rate , may reduce lending to companies and households because the return is too low and invest in higher-yielding assets instead.
 Twin Benefits The ECB has been examining the possible impact on markets of a deposit rate cut, helping to ease policy makers’ concerns, according to a euro-area official who asked not to be named because the deliberations are not public.
 “A deposit rate at zero will be of particular support to banks in southern Europe because it could help encourage some flow of credit,” said Callow.
 “We would not like to see any rising trends in protectionism, because this is a country whose strength and vitality is built on immigration,” she said.
 doesn’t command a higher valuation is because growth at its publishing unit has lagged behind the rest of the company, according to Marci Ryvicker, a New York-based analyst for Wells Fargo & Co.
8 million) damages in the Belgian courts because it said it purchased elevators and escalators for EU buildings at increased prices.
 The fine was a so-called periodic penalty calculated because Microsoft was in breach of the EU order for 488 days, regulators said in 2008.
 “They should be mad at the company because the company knew they could get away with it.
 The biggest lenders are focusing on large transactions because they provide higher returns for the amount of effort, said Jim Dunlap, director of regional and commercial banking at Huntington Bancshares Inc.
 Banking Bifurcation “We’re finding some larger institutions less focused on that particular work, because to compete they have do it on price,” Dunlap said in an interview.
 Regional and community banks are expanding total loans because their customers, including small businesses, are borrowing, said Dennis Logue, a professor of management at Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business and chairman of Hanover, New Hampshire-based Ledyard Financial Group Inc.
html Hong Kong’s Democratic Party plans to ask the High Court to allow it to challenge the election of Leung Chun-ying as the city’s new leader because he misled the public about illegal structures at his home during his campaign, the South China Morning Post reported today, citing Albert Ho, the party’s chairman.
 The plan has the wrong balance between shared liability and sharing control, Merkel told lawmakers, according to the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was held in private.
 “We’ve had a lot of global growth, but we’ve been very careful with China, because China is such an important emerging economy,” Good said in an interview in Shanghai yesterday.
 (SVS) Sotheby’s International Realty seeks to work with brokerages, project sales or even developers, because the upper- tier resale brokerage operation in China is not as mature as in some western countries, Good said.
 Eisenhower achieved a high ranking -- fourth out of the 12 presidents -- because many of the economic indicators were sustained at better-than-average levels on his watch.
 But because he followed Truman, the best performer by far, Eisenhower couldn’t improve on the trend.
 Banks were asked to respond with commitments in the next few weeks at a meeting in London yesterday, according to one person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 citizens because they were born in the country.
 AB InBev could pay $20 billion for the outstanding stake, according to a person familiar with the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “The National Bank will keep the key rate unchanged because the external environment has not yet settled down and pressures on the foreign-exchange rate persist,” Banca Comerciala Romana SA analyst Florin Sinca wrote in a report to clients before the rate decision.
 Meurer said more should be done to curb software and business method patents in particular, and to let more patents lapse into the public domain if they’re not being used in products, because much of the NPE litigation involves patents at the end of their 20-year lifespan.
 Rare earth stocks are falling because gains have been excessive this year, said Zhang Zhipeng, an analyst at AJ Securities Co.
 Celgene may be a potential bidder for Onyx because it could use the same sales force that markets its current multiple- myeloma drug to sell carfilzomib as well, said Ling Wang, a New York-based analyst with Summer Street Research Partners.
 Takeda also could make sense as a buyer because it needs growth opportunities and also has experience with blood-cancer drugs, said Sachin Shah , a Jersey City , New Jersey-based special situations and merger arbitrage strategist at Tullett Prebon.
 ‘Pretty Aggressive’ Takeda has been “pretty aggressive not only in acquisitions but because in Japan they have a zero cost of capital and need to grow,” Shah said in a phone interview.
 Spain missed its deficit goal last year by almost 50 percent mainly because regional governments failed to cut spending enough and tax revenue slumped.
48 percent threshold that has the power to block the offer because U.
 Changes may include tying them more closely to the future performance of the combined company, people with knowledge of the situation have said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 RSA is self-arranging the five-year facility and is looking for 10 banks to participate, each providing about 50 million pounds, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 “The result will be a Europe in which Germany is seen as an imperial power that will not be loved and admired by the rest of Europe -- but hated and resisted, because it will perceived as an oppressive power.
 She “has realized that the euro is not working, but she cannot change the narrative she has created because that narrative has caught the imagination of the German public, and the German public has accepted it.
 Schaeuble “is the last European standing, and he is a tragic figure, because he understands what needs to be done, but he also realizes the obstacles that stand in the way, and he cannot find a way to overcome these obstacles,” he said, according to Der Spiegel.
 As a practical matter, the disconnect is aggravated because American politics goes beyond Congress and the White House.
 Schulze, who has a 20 percent shareholding in the Richfield, Minnesota-based company, is working with Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN) on his plans, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 bankers and regulators charged with reviewing Libor in the wake of regulatory probes are resisting calls to overhaul the rate because structural changes risk invalidating trillions of dollars of contracts.
 The group, established by the British Bankers’ Association in March after probes into allegations that traders rigged the London interbank offered rate, may propose a code of conduct for banks and impose greater scrutiny of Libor’s correlation with other financial data over time, according to three people with knowledge of the discussions who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Prices for the credits fell to less than $100 a megawatt- hour this quarter from more than $500 a year ago because the amount of credits available is more than double what utilities need to meet the current requirement, according to Flett Exchange LLC, an environmental broker.
 The second and third questions are distinct, because even if some individual policy, such as mandating health insurance , seems reasonable, similar policies could be quite harmful, and society would be better off if all such policies were off-limits to the federal government.
 States are forced to have some fiscal discipline, because they have to balance their budgets.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “There’s no demand and artificial supply because Freddie is paying originators to make them.
” Prices between the two companies’ bonds differ in part because Freddie Mac securities are more difficult to buy and sell in bulk, according to investors such as Simon, Columbia Management Investment Advisers LLC’s Jason Callan and BlackRock Inc.
 In theory, Freddie Mac’s securities, known as Gold participation certificates, or PCs, should trade at premiums in that market because they pay investors on the 15th of every month, rather than the 25th as Fannie Mae’s do, an advantage worth about 4/32 of a cent on the dollar.
 Last year, when offering an $875 million figure for 2010, the analysts said their methodology produces an “overestimate, however, because Freddie can use other means to entice originators.
 Housing Transition “Given they’re both government-controlled and responsible to the same taxpayers” it “strikes me as odd” that the FHFA may not be able to do this because they are being run separately, he said.
 Moving to interchangeable securities is easier said than done because it may require policy makers to take steps that will affect the ultimate future of the companies, which they have been reluctant to tackle, FTN’s Vogel said.
 A 225 million-euro term loan B denominated in dollars, a 50 million-euro revolving credit, and a 75 million-euro acquisition facility will pay interest of 475 basis points more than benchmark lending rates, while the remaining 515 million-euro term loan will have an interest margin of 500 basis points, said the person, who asked not to be named because the terms are private.
5 billion to build roads and bridges for a project at the neighboring Hunters Point shipyard and Candlestick Point and another on Treasure Island, said three of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 ‘Sorely Needed’ An agreement to finance the construction is unlikely to have an immediate financial impact on Lennar because it will take years for most of the projects to come to market, said Megan McGrath, a homebuilding analyst with MKM Partners LLC in Stamford , Connecticut .
 “There’s such a demand for this asset class because they continue to perform so well,” said John Augustine, an investment banker in New York at Barclays, another of the leading underwriters.
 A low-glycemic diet, like the South Beach Diet and the Zone Diet, can help control hunger longer because the body absorbs sugar from the carbohydrates slower.
 “They worry that if they give the green light now, probably the local governments have less incentive to deal with their debt problems, because they understand they are allowed to refinance.
 The orders were issued because the risk of defaults is increasing as the bond market expands, they said.
 I feel bad, but my parents feel worse because they had stayed there for decades.
 One of them, who asked not to be identified because he signed a confidentiality clause with the landlord, says he fought in court with the landlord for four years before getting a settlement.
 “We are not surprised that competitors are taking note of the deal because it offers greater choice and flexibility,” said Rich Adolph, a Microsoft spokesman.
 Weinstein, 39, was among hedge-fund managers who profited from price dislocations in a credit-default swaps index after outsized trades by JPMorgan’s Bruno Iksil, nicknamed the London Whale, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the trading is private.
” McCann’s position became untenable after Carrefour’s French business trailed Olofsson’s expectations, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 Judge Jose Antonio Dias Toffoli recused himself from the case because he had worked on it as attorney general, said a spokesman for the court, who declined to be identified, citing internal rules.
 Higher commodity prices have yet to crimp demand because inventories are tight, and getting out now would be “premature,” Hussein Allidina , the head of commodity research at Morgan Stanley in New York, said by telephone on April 29.
 That’s because within two days of the exam he was in the hospital with a potentially deadly blood infection.
 The test carries an infection risk because the needle can take bacteria from the bowel into the prostate, bladder and bloodstream.
 dollar “isn’t a good deal” because the growth in reserves will lead to higher capital losses as the dollar weakens over time.
 Still, “conditions are not yet ripe” for the yuan to be included in the basket because it is still not widely used in international trade, he said today.
 The state-owned airline grounded the flight because cabin crew had not received fatigue-management training for the 16- hour journey as required by the CAA, the Johannesburg-based newspaper said, citing South African Airways.
 Revenue from service contracts tied to such products “will continue to grow strong double digits because there are massive opportunities to upgrade our installed base of equipment all around the world,” Santiago said in a telephone interview this week.
 “The appetite is there because people are now going on the assumption that inflation will start receding in the second half,” Mahendran said.
 “The shift is toward more contemporary art because great Impressionist and modern artworks are simply harder to find.
 “There have been more short-term risks and uncertainty because it is unknown when inflation will peak.
 This revenue is a key indicator of a retailer’s growth because new and closed sites are excluded.
 (ARO) , which stopped reporting monthly sales earlier this year, posted a decline in same-store sales of 7 percent for the first quarter because it used more discounts than expected.
 “There’s not much inventory right now because farmers are busy planting corn and some soybeans,” said Scott Stoller, a cash grain merchandiser for Michlig Agricenter Inc.
 “Basis on the Illinois river jumped as much as 3 cents for corn and a nickel for soybeans because water levels are falling,” allowing for increased barge loading after flooding caused delays, he said.
 European wheat and rapeseed are at an “important tipping point” because stored soil moisture from the winter has been used up, Martell said.
 With the two-game series tied at 2-2, Braga advanced because it scored at Benfica in a 2-1 loss.
 Gas production has declined in western Canada because the ground is too soft to move heavy equipment to well sites.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Glencore, because it owns and operates mines and refineries, could win such an exemption, according to two veterans of Wall Street commodity-trading desks who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly.
 A trader at a multibillion-dollar hedge fund, who didn’t want to be identified because he’s not authorized to speak publicly, said he turned down Glencore because he thought he could earn more at a hedge fund.
” Representative Rush Holt, a New Jersey Democrat and member of Hastings’ committee, called the Republican bills “amnesia acts” because they ignored lessons from the spill, which spewed 4.
 Administration Opposition The Obama administration said it opposed the Republicans’ bills, because they would undercut safety reforms put in place after the spill.
 Farmers received lower prices because Dean bought milk exclusively from the cooperative and its affiliates, according to the complaint.
 municipal bond issuance this year to $240 billion from $275 billion a month ago, in part because fiscal austerity is leading local governments to borrow less.
 On April 29, Esayas said the government in November reduced Karuturi’s concession by two-thirds from 300,000 hectares because the area was too large for a single company to manage and to allow for an annual migration of antelope in southwestern Ethiopia.
 “The information seemed to be baseless because Karuturi has not received any legal letter about the reduction from the Ethiopian government,” Niladri Mondal, a spokesman for Karuturi, said by phone from Mumbai today.
 The board filed a complaint against Boeing on April 20, saying it should add a production line in Washington state, where it has assembled its aircraft since 1916, because it retaliated against striking unions by building a South Carolina factory for the 787 Dreamliner.
 He disagreed with Republicans who said the complaint targets South Carolina because it is a right-to-work state, where labor agreements can’t require workers to join a union to get a job.
9 percent in February 2010 as improvement on the job market traditionally lags behind a revival in economic growth because businesses focus on increasing productivity rather than hiring new employees.
 Credit Suisse in an April 29 filing in MBIA’s case said that contracts for its mortgage-bond transaction failed to call for the bank to repurchase loans simply because they went delinquent within a few months or involved borrower fraud, differing from contracts between lenders and Credit Suisse.
 “I wanted somebody fresh because it is a failure,” said Diller, 69, in an interview with Bloomberg Television during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Los Angeles .
 “BNP Paribas has an advantage on Societe Generale because it bought Fortis at a good time and at a good price.
 Banks in Brazil also split the money more ways because companies hire more firms to manage deals.
 ‘Lack of Talent’ “There’s a lack of talent in Brazil because everybody wants to be in Brazil,” Berquo said.
 health- care programs because doctors were paid to prescribe its multiple sclerosis drug Rebif, the U.
 Serono’s actions resulted in the submission of false claims to programs including Medicare and Medicaid for the payment of Rebif because the claims were tainted by kickbacks, the Justice Department said in an e-mailed statement.
 The prosecution said jurors may not know precisely which recordings to ask for because they lack a master list and transcripts.
 A BNP Paribas spokesman who refused to be identified citing bank policy, declined to comment on Kiener’s assertions because the case is ongoing.
 The only reason why I kept my name on it was because I wanted people to know that I was Petrus and that I was the man behind it.
 invaded in October 2001 because the Taliban government was harboring al- Qaeda.
 We also have arguments for continuing to develop Borregaard because it has some interesting production development projects investing in new areas, becoming more and more a bio-refinery company.
 It remains possible that talks could resume before Couric’s contract ends in June, said one of the people, who wasn’t authorized to discuss the matter because it is private.
 “They are willing to lose option value because they distrust the regulator.
 Lower prices would cut the value of utilities’ holdings of expected credits because accounting rules require them to mark the value to market, he said.
 Primary-Market Discount Utilities may be using their credits because they bought them directly from projects in developing nations, where prices can be 3 euros a ton or more cheaper than in the secondary market, Sikorski said today.
 Qu said he’s bracing Canadian Solar for increased competition because newer markets in the U.
 Households and businesses save money under the program because the cash raised by auctioning carbon allowances is spent on projects that cut energy consumption, which lowers utility bills, according to Lynch.
 ‘Devoid of Merit’ AIG said in a statement that the Casadys only had standing to sue because the Department of Justice declined to intervene in the action or pursue its own lawsuit.
 “In English-speaking African countries we decided not to go from scratch because the markets are more mature and much more complicated,” he said.
 Improvement in the job market traditionally lags behind a revival in economic growth because businesses focus on increasing productivity rather than hiring new employees.
 “The rupee is under some pressure because there are outflows from equities.
 Florida ’s Third District Court of Appeal in Miami ruled in June that a 2007 jury award in the case should be reversed because a decision to split a trial in three parts possibly prejudiced jurors.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “It has been supportive for bonds, because there had been pressure particularly in the front end of the curve.
 What I’d like to be able to say to myself, 10 years younger, is that Osama bin Laden will lose because nobody actually wants to live in a cave.
 But that wasn’t enough for Bing, who rescinded his donation in 2007 because Stanford refused to end its relationship with Exxon.
 “We’ve got very strict disciplines in place, we’ve also got difficult decisions because there are very substantial revenue write-downs coming through from the natural disasters as well as the lingering effects of the global financial recession,” Swan told Nine Network television today.
 Petersburg, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The study may have some bias because it included only people who had survived a rupture and took surveys three weeks after the event, the researchers said.
 health-cost regulator for the treatment of a rare blood cancer because the benefits of the drugs may not justify their high prices.
html Treasuries maturing in 3 1/2 to 4 years represent the “sweet spot” in the government bond market because they offer relatively attractive yields and greater protection than longer-maturity debt as yields fluctuate, according to RBS Securities Inc.
 Jargon-Laden Hallett already made it clear to a senior fireman during the hearings that, in her opinion, jargon-laden management speak used by some emergency-service members was a cause for concern because it may have hindered communication.
 Vacation Rentals HomeAway doesn’t compete as directly with Priceline, because it focuses on the vacation-rental market.
 The company won’t feel much impact from a Mexico Supreme Court decision on fees it charges other carriers because the tariffs represent less than 1 percent of sales, Garcia Moreno said.
 Economic growth usually accelerates as the year progresses because government spending picks up, he said.
 “We don’t have any limit in terms of our balance sheet because we could finance some very huge deals,” he said.
 Traditionally, the value of Spanish TV rights has been diluted because national legislation requires one league game per week on free-to-air TV.
 The win will also allow the party to revise the constitution because it earned more than two-thirds of the vote.
 “It was a credible election because there was no hindrance, violence or intimidation of people trying to exercise their right to vote,” he said.
 3 because it suspects the government is using flights to get weapons from Russia , Iraq, Iran and Lebanon.
 The London-based Asharq al-Awsat newspaper reported that rebel officials said they would direct attacks against the civilian airports because they are being used to support Syrian military operations.
 “It was a credible election because there was no hindrance, violence or intimidation of people trying to exercise their right to vote,” Tendwa said by phone today.
 “It was peaceful in some places, but that doesn’t mean the elections were credible and transparent because in some polling stations there were no monitors from other political parties,” Elias Isaac, country director for the Open Society Initiative, a pro-democracy group funded by George Soros who visited the polls unofficially, said by phone.
 “The stimulus is on the cards because the economic situation is very messy.
 They will need a four-seat pickup if Obama wins re-election, because the vice president casts the tie-breaking vote in the chamber.
 “The stagnation of the labor market in particular is a grave concern not only because of the enormous suffering and waste of human talent it entails, but also because persistently high levels of unemployment will wreak structural damage on our economy that could last for many years,” Bernanke said at Jackson Hole.
 The joblessness isn’t structural because data show that industries such as construction, manufacturing and retailing that had the biggest losses during the recession have gained the most jobs since the recovery began in 2009, the economists wrote.
 “The United Front has been regarded increasingly as an embarrassment by many Chinese officials over the last fifteen years because it has completely bungled its handling of Tibetan issues,” Barnett said in an e-mail.
 Higher demand also boosted spot prices across California amid lower transmission capacity because fires near Yosemite National Park have reduced access to lower cost hydroelectric power.
 Verizon is working with several banks to raise $10 billion from each, or enough to finance about $60 billion of the buyout, said two of the people, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “This deal is extremely important for Vodafone for their convergence strategy toward more cable assets because pure mobile operators will certainly experience capacity bottlenecks in the future,” said Leopold Salcher, an analyst at Raiffeisen Capital Management, calling $130 billion “a very good price.
 and Sylvan Road Capital LLC, consider voucher holders a reliable client base because they have a low turnover rate and the government pays most of their rent on a timely basis.
 Investors are buying houses for the potential value appreciation as much as the rental cash flow , and may be reluctant to commit to Section 8 tenants because those leases come with long-term constraints that reduce the ability to sell quickly, according to Raphael Bostic, assistant secretary for policy development and research at the U.
 Any inquiries that were turned away were because of a glitch at the call center level as the company builds out its operations and trains its staff, said the person, who asked not to be named because the practices are private.
 "It got to the point where I would discredit his ideas because I did not like him.
 International law exists because its serves the interests of states and people.
 No, such weapons are particularly hateful because they violate international law.
 “Toward the end of the year they will be in real dire straights, because the economy is slowing,” Paulo Vieira da Cunha, a former central bank director, said by phone from New York .
 “Credit quality is improving because corporates are deleveraging,” Terence Klingman, head of research at Psagot Investment House Ltd.
 Verizon is working with several banks to raise $10 billion from each, or enough to finance about $60 billion of the buyout, said two of the people, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “This deal is extremely important for Vodafone for their convergence strategy toward more cable assets because pure mobile operators will certainly experience capacity bottlenecks in the future,” said Leopold Salcher , an analyst at Raiffeisen Capital Management, calling $130 billion “a very good price.
 The league also argued that because players perform under union contracts, federal labor law covered their claims.
 But just because regime change is not working well in Egypt -- and would not be likely to yield good results at an acceptable cost in Syria -- does not mean that limited intervention makes sense.
 It's easy to say now coulda, woulda, shoulda, but there's never been a good time to arm the Syrian rebels because there has never been a rebel group good enough to trust -- or strong enough.
 “I’m disappointed there aren’t enough masks, but I’m also upset at myself because my mother told me six months ago I should take care of this,” said Inbal Demma, 28, of Jerusalem , who had come to pick up masks and an infant gas tent at the city’s Hadar mall for herself, her husband and their 2-month-old daughter.
 Odds Slim Some analysts and former military officials see the odds of a retaliatory attack as slim because it would distract the Syrian government from its main objective, vanquishing rebels.
” While Shapir didn’t rule out an attack by pro-Syria Hezbollah, he said that wasn’t in the Lebanese militant group’s interest because it is fighting alongside Syria and under fire at home for joining that conflict.
 Lower Royalties Companies could help stores pay more by lowering royalties they charge franchisees, something Wall Street won’t tolerate because it would put pressure on profit, he said.
 Taylor, a Republican and critic of the health-care law, said she is concerned the Ohio marketplace won’t open on time because there was a delay earlier this month in transferring data about the insurance plans filed in the state to the U.
 The city skipped a feasibility study and a public vote on tearing down city hall because Hunt and Foster said any delay might cost El Paso the team, Studer said in May.
 What would actually happen is that Allison Benedikt wouldn’t live in Brooklyn, because New York, like most of the rest of the U.
's cities, would have lost all of its affluent families in the 1970s -- the ones who stayed largely because private school, and a handful of magnet schools financed by the taxes of people who sent their kids to private school, allowed them to maintain residence without sending their kids into middle- and high-schools that had often become war zones.
 But because New York had a robust system of private and parochial schools, they didn’t necessarily need to leave the city to leave the violence behind.
 If that had been the only option, the middle class and wealthy families would have left the city entirely -- and the schools would have been even worse, because the tax base to support them would have eroded even more dramatically than it did.
 They’re just confused because the tuition payment comes bundled with hardwood floors and granite countertops.
” This is unworkable for a dozen reasons, most importantly, because no one would do it.
 “The deal even solves some issues in the partnership because there have been continuous issues between Verizon and Vodafone regarding payouts.
 Nordea Chairman Bjoern Wahlroos said in March he was “sure” his bank would look into raising the payout ratio because the lender is generating more capital than it needs.
 because investors in Asia , especially in Hong Kong, are more familiar with and interested in our business,” Charles Lu, 43, chairman and founder of China Auto Rental, said in an interview yesterday.
 The market has a little bit of a bearish feel to it because of a lack of significant weather and because we are on track for ample storage at the end of the season.
 The tanker will probably sail to China instead of South Korea, said three of seven traders who participate in the North Sea crude market, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 For example, companies owned by tribes contend they are exempt from state laws because the doctrine of tribal sovereign immunity limits state influence on tribal affairs.
 “I suspect we will see some stabilization today, but there’s still a lot of caution because the problem is not just Syria,” said Shane Oliver , Sydney-based head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors Ltd.
 ‘No Consensus’ The president “talked about international norms -- not international law -- because there is no consensus that international law supports this,” Swift, an adjunct professor at Georgetown University in Washington, said in an interview.
 “There doesn’t seem to be a particular obstacle ahead for Gaeseong, because the sides agreed to reopen it regardless of political circumstances,” Yoo Ho Yeol, a professor of North Korean studies at Korea University in the South, said by phone.
 The airlines’ overtures weren’t enough, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private, and the Justice Department sued on Aug.
 Washington is unusual because National is subject to limits on flights, while nearby Baltimore/Washington and Dulles airports don’t have those caps.
 Peterson, 24, is among a growing number of people who are working part-time because they want to, and not because the sluggish economy forces them to settle for less than a full-time job.
” British courts have seen an increase in the number of art-related cases as collectors who buy pieces for investment are increasingly willing to sue to recoup losses, and because the authenticity of works of art is becoming easier to prove as more scientific tests are being used, said Samson Spanier , a London lawyer at 13 King’s Bench Walk who’s not involved in the case.
 Paulo published over the weekend, that those eager to speculate “may win, but they can lose because the exchange rate floats.
 Financing Negotiations Verizon is working with several banks to raise $10 billion from each, or enough to finance about $60 billion of the buyout, according to two people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
's Independent) has been so swift because the problem of overwork is a known one.
" We limit hours for pilots and doctors because over-tired pilots and doctors can put lives at risk.
 The New York-based company is negotiating with several banks to raise about half that amount, said two of the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
2 billion) of corporate debt and a similar share of its equity in the past 15 months, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 “The viability of projects will be affected because getting the consent of land owners will be difficult and higher compensation will lead to an increase in costs.
 (NEM) , the two largest producers by sales, have announced at least $26 billion of writedowns in the past two months because assets became less valuable as the price of the metal fell.
 Alamos, which initially said it was discussing the implications with its advisers, is well-positioned to manage the risks because it operates safely and successfully in Mexico already, McCluskey said.
 While gold slumped this year partly because unprecedented stimulus by central banks failed to accelerate consumer price increases, some investors judge that higher oil prices can stoke inflation and buy the metal as a hedge.
 (7201) , turned him down and offered to let him stay as COO, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks were private.
 more challenging, said the person, who asked not to be named because the deliberations were private.
 The move could herald weaker consumer spending , because the largest share of consumers since March said this is a poor time to buy wanted or needed items.
 Food Network can run old episodes of "Chopped," and they’ll be no less enjoyable simply because watermelon and feta salad is sooooooo 2012.
 to explore and develop natural-gas resources under the property, said in a September 2011 lawsuit that Middlefield, a town of about 2,000 people 50 miles (80 kilometers) west of Albany, had no authority to enact a ban because the activity is governed by state law.
” The announcement doesn’t affect HSBC because it has been under investigation, according to David Bruegger, a Zurich-based spokesman for the bank.
 The current account is the broadest measure of trade because it includes investments.
 “Our focus is still on domestic operations, because there is still room in the market,” Khanh said.
 Barack Obama is President of the United States because his predecessor invaded one too many Muslim countries.
) Obama participated (from behind, of course) in the liberation of Libya only because it seemed at the time like a clean mission, but, again, he soon learned better: He did not receive the thanks of a grateful America for helping to defeat Muammar Qaddafi, and he suffered personally and politically because of the subsequent attack on the American mission in Benghazi.
 America is poised to strike at the Assad regime in good part because Obama could not resist the urge, last year, to declare publicly the existence of a chemical weapons red line that the Assad regime should not cross.
 Obama could not resist because the urge was morally irresistible.
 Open she didn’t “plan to go outside because I know I will probably not make it out alive.
” Less Rain The Midwest will get less rain because there will be a large ridge of high pressure over the region in the next 10 days, increasing stress on about 45 percent of U.
” This is not to say that the NFL is recognizing that these men, more than 4,500 of whom signed on to the lawsuit, need help because they played professional football.
 In other words, the league has agreed to make this $765 million payment simply because it was feeling generous.
 “But unfortunately the timing of this is really bad because it will be happening as the economy is starting to slip.
 Those who bought the stock shortly after the scandal broke last year have done well because the price rebounded fabulously.
 municipal bankruptcy on July 18, at least three Michigan localities postponed bond sales because interest rates were higher than they were willing to pay.
 A computer from NYSE Arca, NYSE Euronext (NYX) ’s all-electronic exchange, handling Nasdaq-listed stocks was the machine that had trouble connecting with the SIP, a person familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to discuss the issue, said last week.
 He doesn’t “believe the artworks could be returned” because he found no trace of them at police headquarters.
 27, has started to collect the documents needed to claim political Asylum in France because he fears he would be arrested if he returns, he said by phone from Paris.
 (GS) and Deutsche Bank, said the person who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 They were able to file jointly in states that recognized gay marriages while having to file individual federal tax returns because the U.
 Tan will start at Credit Suisse in December and be based in Hong Kong, one of the people said, asking not to be identified because the hiring is confidential.
 ‘Real Jobs’ The SEC will hunt for evidence showing “these weren’t real jobs, that they were only there because their father or mother were important public officials,” said Dan Hurson, a former U.
 “The recovery in consumption may lose momentum and exports are looking a bit weak because demand in the emerging economies, especially China , is weakening,” she said.
 Private storage would be less invasive of Americans’ privacy rights because their recordkeeping practices are known to customers, Representative Adam Schiff, a California Democrat and member of the House intelligence committee, said in a phone interview.
 “We don’t want the driver to believe the system can do everything, because at the end of day, the driver is still responsible,” said Mercedes’s Hermann.
 “They’re not out of the woods yet, because the Canadian economic numbers look rather weak,” Kinsey said.
 New York-based Verizon is working with several banks to raise $10 billion from each, or enough to finance about $60 billion of the buyout, said two of the people, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “It seems like a very good solution for the company, because it will stay in business and will remain a listed company,” he said by phone from Tel Aviv today.
 You can say something like, "I don't agree with how you went about doing this, because I think you contributed to the situation you're in.
 That's because compassion isn't about solving problems.
 “There is however something wrong in the ECB because even the rate of promotion of women is much lower than that of the men.
9 million barrels a day to the market that month, the person said, asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 “In my mind, that’s not the same as rate shock because the person will be getting a better plan.
 The league also argued that because players perform under union contracts, federal labor law covered their claims.
 The bank has chosen instead to keep using earlier models such as BlackBerry 7 devices, introduced in 2011, because it wants assurance of support for BlackBerry 10 now that the smartphone maker is considering strategic changes, the people said.
 Canadian banks are already adopting the BlackBerry 10 phones, in part because the Z10 and Q10 were each available in Canada about two months before they went on sale in the U.
 stocks because the U.
 17, gathered in front of the Supreme Court in Benghazi demanding an end to Qaddafi’s rule, an eyewitness who declined to be identified because he feared for his life, said by phone.
html HSBC Holdings Plc recommended investors avoid China’s stocks until at least June because the government will announce more policy measures to cool inflation.
, who won the race in 2004, had to start from the back of the grid after taking the pole position a week ago because he wrecked his race car during practice this week.
 official speaking on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private David Cameron, the U.
 Barclays had a conflict in handling the auction of the company because it also helped finance the KKR-led offer, the judge said.
 No move on the company has been made yet because the bidders are reviewing their options, the paper said.
 While Germany backs opening markets to agriculture products, France and southern EU members with large farming industries have reservations about such a move, a diplomat from the 27-nation EU said on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to the media.
 27 because the lack of a quorum, a company spokesman said today.
 The strike was suspended because the government pledged to respect the right to peaceful protests, it said.
 “There is no concern about covering the issues because the local banks are very liquid,” Mohamed Rahmy, a Cairo-based economist at Egyptian investment bank Beltone Financial, said by telephone.
 An uncontained failure is considered more serious, because flying chunks of metal can damage critical systems.
 should direct $150 million in economic aid to Egypt because the U.
” The lender is in talks to pay about $11 billion to end investigations by state and federal authorities into its mortgage-bond sales practices, according to people familiar with the talks, who requested anonymity because the negotiations are private.
2 billion last year on a derivatives position built by a trader who came to be known as the London Whale because his bets were so large.
 ‘Fell Short’ Meeting Kurdish demands is risky for Erdogan because they are unpopular in much of the country, where Kurds are viewed as instigators of a war that left tens of thousands dead.
 Heavily Managed “A heavily managed exchange rate, on the other hand, may undermine residents’ incentives to reduce outflows during sudden stops, because an anticipated depreciation creates very strong incentives to send assets offshore, thereby exacerbating capital flow volatility,” the IMF said.
" She adds that "people loved it, because there was history and provenance.
 But people also love those sales because when it comes to interior decoration, the secondary market is much cheaper than retail.
 Those days are over, he says , precisely because there are now so many ways to get news: I think Tim is right about one thing: The last 10 years have been an extremely exciting time to be a digital journalist, because we can do so much more.
 Policy journalism is better than ever, because reporters can easily access data and research that would have been difficult and time-consuming to track down even in the 1990s.
 In some sense, Facebook and Google are “pipes” -- at least as long as they’re dominant, they can sell a lot of ads, because they are the mechanism by which we access information.
 are pipes, because they control proprietary software.
 But Bloomberg and Reuters are in a somewhat unusual position: They make money because they sell people information that they can use to make money.
 That’s getting harder and harder, because the Washington Post is no longer a pipe.
 And because the people who actually control the pipes are not willing to pay them for the content, that makes it pretty hard to monetize.
 That story is no longer believable, partly because of the ad inventory glut that Tim mentions, but mostly because people no longer access stories the way we thought they would.
 But the Times cannot afford to cut off Google, because then it will lose the pitiful amount of ad revenue it collects from all the eyeballs that Google sends them.
 ‘High Expectations’ “Each of those years we went into spring training with high expectations, higher than most people had, because we knew the personnel,” Collins said.
 PPF Switch PPF Group NV, the Czech financial company controlled by billionaire Petr Kellner , said it wouldn’t take part because the tender banned any new entrant from merging with another participant for 15 years, PPF spokesman Radek Stavel said in an e-mailed statement.
 Third-party retailers will remain an important part of the brand’s distribution because they often understand the consumer better, Carra said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 oversight of financial markets and institutions will operate largely as usual during the government shutdown because most regulators are funded with independent revenue or conduct functions deemed essential.
 Independent Funding Banking regulators’ doors will remain open because their money comes from the industry they oversee.
 Like, if you think that JPMorgan is really really bad, the regulatory conclusion that it's just par-for-the-course badness would trouble you, possibly because you disagree, possibly because, y'know, if really really bad behavior is also par for the course among big banks then that's not great either.
 And regulators probably aren't really pushing for his head, because it's not really their thing, and because they don't think he's all that bad an actor or all that responsible for what's gone wrong.
 The Pussy Riot member should be taken to another penitentiary, because if something happens to her, “it will be very unpleasant for the prison administration,” Russia’s human rights ombudsman, Vladimir Lukin, said in comments published on the website of the presidential human rights commission.
 Analysts, including Michael Pachter at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles, criticized Netflix for using the approach last quarter because it gives the appearance that parties moderating the discussion are getting access to financial information ahead of others.
 “This is normally the weakest demand period of the year because temperatures are in a perfect nirvana of not too hot and not too cold,” said Phil Flynn , a senior market analyst at Price Futures Group in Chicago .
 It’s true that because the elections turned out the way they did -- with President Barack Obama re-elected and a Democratic majority in the Senate -- Obamacare will almost certainly stay on the books for the next few years.
 But no sensible person during that time told them to give up because the matter was settled.
 “The question is what will drive growth next year, because agriculture cannot grow more than it did this year and car industry growth has been pretty much exhausted,” Nikolic said.
 Analysts and investors follow changes in speculators’ positions because such transactions can reflect an expectation of a change in prices.
 The nation’s central bank, concerned a housing bubble is threatening financial stability, imposed the limit because raising interest rates might boost the currency and hurt the economy.
 You need that rigorous valuation control because valuing structured over-the-counter trades is hard, and leaves some room for judgment.
***** A big regulatory push these days is moving over-the-counter derivatives onto exchanges, in part because that will help with pricing transparency.
 20 it recommended a neutral position in commodities because stabilizing Chinese economic growth has yet to boost demand.
 The vaginal-mesh litigation poses a challenge for Rice and other settlement negotiators because they are faced with cases over more than 50 different implants manufactured by six different companies, the people said.
 The monthly results that automakers report tomorrow won’t include deliveries for the first two days of the month -- including the Labor Day holiday -- because those sales were counted in August figures.
 Enjoy This “If you’re not enjoying the automobile industry at this point, go do something else, because this is absolutely as good as it gets,” Mike Jackson , chief executive officer of AutoNation Inc.
 “They do that because they trust us and they know the future is better.
40-euro-a-share proposal, arguing that a tax offset from the sale of its German unit makes the company more valuable, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 More Cargoes More cargoes from the Middle East boost tanker demand because they mean longer voyages.
” Alexis told investigators he thought he didn’t have to reveal the arrest because the charge was dismissed, the report said.
 2, and Letta may win it if some Berlusconi supporters back him – a possibility because the former premier's People of Liberty party is showing signs of a split.
 “But the correction should be minor because the overall chart pattern is bullish.
 The drop in developers’ shares this time may be much greater because the rate increase is bigger, said Yoji Otani , a Tokyo-based real-estate analyst at Deutsche Bank who downgraded the sector on Sept.
 The Neotel deal could be worth more than 5 billion rand ($497 million), a person familiar with the discussions told Bloomberg News last week, asking not to be named because the negotiations are private.
 Greg Valliere , chief political analyst for Potomac Research Group Holdings in Washington, told Bloomberg Television today that “a shutdown is not the issue” because default is more important.
 Greg Valliere , chief political analyst for Potomac Research Group Holdings in Washington, told Bloomberg Television today that “a shutdown is not the issue” because default is more important.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The eight-mile outage north of Mount Vernon , New York, also hampers Amtrak, which operates on the line, because the U.
 “We can’t have our entire transportation system ground to a halt because we have a failure in both a primary and backup power systems,” he said.
 debt ceiling, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because details of the meeting were still being worked out.
 government is reviving bidding for the East Coast route after a previous contract, awarded to FirstGroup Plc (FGP) , was voided because a review found problems with the assessment of offers, following complaints from Virgin Trains.
 As usual the conventional wisdom is that a shutdown is no big deal, even if it lasts a while, while a government default would be a nightmare scenario and almost completely unimaginable because even the most extreme nut jobs in Congress couldn't be that stupid.
, they "are all poised to remain open in the event of a shutdown, because none are subject to the federal budget.
 (In short, weak banks threaten the solvency of their home countries' governments and make the problem worse by loading up on their sovereigns' debt, because bank regulations encourage them to do so.
 “Draghi’s position is really delicate because on the one hand he has to help Letta, and he certainly is doing so.
 “We can’t keep training women to be hairdressers, we need to expand their horizons because new opportunities are coming with the transformation of economies in the region,” said Shireen Lateef, senior adviser to the Asian Development Bank and architect of its gender policy framework.
 Dewi left school at 14 because her parents could no longer afford the fees.
4 percent of the carrier, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
 Both Strache and Michaloliakos hate the bailouts of the weaker euro-area nations, the Austrian because they are costly to his country's taxpayers, the Greek because of the austerity conditions that come with them.
 His deputy, Matthew Solomon, will take over as chief litigation counsel when he leaves in the coming weeks, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the decision is not yet public.
’s liability in the lawsuits because they deal with different time periods and several types of funds, including closed-end investment trusts , venture capital trusts and pension funds.
 Manager Collection HMRC argues it can’t be sued by the funds because the managers collected the tax.
 That’s because the 2010 law relies primarily on mandatory spending , which congressional inaction can’t stop.
 That could make the sales pitch easier because those two groups comprise the bulk of the uninsured in the U.
 CRT, the brokerage backed by Aquiline Capital Partners LLC, has been negotiating the terms of a merger with Pierpont since at least August, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 in New York for potential lenders, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deal is private.
” Absent was a planned ironing board cover, rejected because it turned out to be a fire risk.
 “We thought it could be potentially dangerous, because it melts.
 It also put Ennahda in a tough position during the drafting process: Its slight coalition majority in the assembly gave it almost no leverage, because it needed lots of opposition votes to get to two-thirds.
 Greg Valliere, chief political analyst for Potomac Research Group Holdings in Washington, told Bloomberg Television today that “a shutdown is not the issue” because default is more important.
 The disparity occurs because banks typically charge a greater percentage of the value of smaller transactions.
 “You had a free pass because the stock has gone higher without any meaningful revenue growth,” he said.
 The holdings are managed by a team headed by Jeff Teach and are part of a pool of mostly fixed-income assets that UBS moved to a separate unit within the past year with the intention of selling, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the auction is private.
html Portugal may be eligible for more aid once its current program expires because the government made considerable efforts to overhaul the economy and cut the budget deficit, a senior German coalition lawmaker said.
 “Whether that is likely to produce a popping of that bubble, a very big fall in house prices, I slightly doubt, because the natural demand is so strong.
 The sudden interest in luxury properties is in part because buyers are looking for an alternative investment to bonds, which they fear may decrease in value as interest rates rise, as well as concerns that Manhattan’s next mayor could raise taxes for high-income earners, Pruner said.
 In addition, FAA, with its airline stocks, had an exploitable relationship with oil, since airline stocks typically go up when oil goes down, because fuel becomes cheaper.
 14 to Glencore Xstrata Plc, according to four people who participate in the market, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 PKN Orlen bought 100,000 tons of Urals for delivery to the Butinge oil terminal in Lithuania , according to three people who participate in the market, who also asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Jackson says she created the secondary address because her official account received more than 1 million messages a year.
 “It’s taking so long in part because multiple regulators have to agree, but it’s completely unacceptable,” Merkley said in an interview.
 The last time comparable slip-ups took place was in the late 1990s, when data in PDF documents weren’t securely deleted, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the probe is confidential.
 The delivery of the statement of objections in July was a surprise because banks were still responding to an EU request for information that had an October deadline, four people familiar with the case said.
 24 meeting in Washington, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the schedule is private.
 The agency has about $30 billion in liquid assets and needs more because it is required to keep enough money on hand to cover all projected future losses.
 The draw won’t affect the federal debt ceiling because the money is being transferred between government accounts, not spent.
 The disclosure of a cooperator comes as the lender is in talks to pay about $11 billion to end investigations into its mortgage-bond sales practices by state and federal authorities, according to people familiar with the talks, who requested anonymity because the negotiations are private.
 The review surprised company officials, because the government initially welcomed the project, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions aren’t public.
 Burkeans -- following the great social theorist Edmund Burke -- don’t much like either Heroes or Soldiers, because they favor small, cautious steps, building humbly and incrementally on the decisions and practices of the past.
 Golden Silence Mutes are even more modest than Burkeans, because they prefer to say nothing at all.
” Diego Lavalle, the chief executive officer of brokerage Mercapital Casa de Valores SA , said the new rules requiring additional guarantees for selling asset-backed securities are positive because they will help prevent companies from borrowing more than they are capable of repaying.
 While acknowledging most victims never report attacks, the agency denied the women disability pay because there was no military record of the assaults supporting the psychiatric diagnoses.
’” In the military, even more than in civilian life, victims are dissuaded from reporting attacks because it often involves telling someone who is professionally associated with the assailant, Circuit Judge Timothy Dyk wrote.
 "We couldn't get any money from investors because we had a really terrible pitch, and the whole economy was falling apart," Evernote CEO Phil Libin said in a recent interview.
 “A lot of people like us, young people, became risk takers after the revolution because they realized they had nothing to lose,” Zahran said in an interview in Cairo.
” Proposals to pool national resolution funds are also unrealistic because combined amounts are hardly sufficient to deal with major failing lenders, Meister said.
 and RBC Capital Markets quietly contacted possible bidders and found little interest in the whole company, especially among private-equity firms, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks were private.
 (LMT) , producer of the F-35, are called contractors because they have contracts.
 Advancing such a plan carries political risks, because Republicans might vote for a bill that curbs popular tax breaks, and then Senate Democrats may add more revenue.
 Government officials are leaning toward meeting the March 1 deadline on the capital injection, said two people, who asked not to be identified because the preparations are private.
 Repo agreements with the treasury will be similar to those now offered by Bank Rossii, and they’ll be available to a larger group of lenders because the loans are backed by collateral, Artyukhin said.
 Like most effective lobbying groups, they succeed because large numbers of Americans agree with them.
 Writing for eight justices, Roberts said preclearance raised “serious constitutional questions” because it applied only to some parts of the country.
 This is a problem, because until the conservative movement reflects and deals with its ideal of an ownership society, it is unlikely to advance.
 Only the federal government is in a good position to provide such stabilization, because states must approximately balance their budgets each year.
 The Air Force award is lucrative because it includes training and maintenance in addition to aircraft.
 LBOs Accelerated “Just like we saw some dividend recaps pulled into 2012, some LBOs could have been pulled into 2012 as well because there was concern capital gains tax rates would go up,” Ajzenman said.
, to be interested because it is developing a competing product.
 It’s a likely bidder because its rival antibiotic may not be ready until 2017, he wrote in a note to clients.
 “Expected revenue does not have a direct correlation to expected module shipments because the shipments do not represent total systems revenues and do not consider the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria are met,” he said during the call.
 Klein said he was ordering a four-day trial starting March 25 because whatever decision he makes will probably be appealed.
 “The dollar’s weaker today because we are stabilizing after the sell-off,” said Katia Diaz, an economist at 4Cast Inc.
 Analyst Oswaldo Alcantara Telles Filho said that the higher costs were driven primarily by a lack of rain that forced the company to buy more expensive power from thermal plants because less hydropower was available.
 “There’s a lot of uncertainty surrounding the petroleum potential in the area, because we have less knowledge here than for example in the south-eastern Barents Sea, where exploration wells have been drilled in bordering areas which are already open to petroleum activity,” the NPD said.
 “The fact that the government is once again considering an additional share placement instead of a sale to a strategic investor, is negative for sentiment because it creates a share overhang risk,” Vladimir Dorogov, an analyst at Alfa Bank, said by phone from Moscow.
 Justice Anthony Kennedy , a possible swing vote, and three Democrat-appointed justices, suggested the record wasn’t developed fully enough to determine whether the merchants were improperly denied the ability to effectively bring a claim because the agreement barred group action in arbitration.
 Sales will be in the lower end of the company’s 3 billion peso to 4 billion peso projection, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “The maintenance of our extraordinary measures over a too- long timeframe creates false incentives and leads to moral hazard,” Yves Mersch said in his first speech as an ECB board member in Frankfurt , adding that a retreat from certain emergency measures “would be desirable because new market distortions could otherwise develop.
 The changes are “unlikely to have a very significant impact on meeting the deadline because the forwarding process is only one small part of the much longer verification and issuance process,” Gareth Phillips , chairman of the Project Developer Forum, said by e-mail from Singapore yesterday.
 “It is not necessary for us because we have flexibility with a fairly substantial cash reserve,” he said.
 Fabius said France “had to intervene, because otherwise, Mali would have been, all of it, a terrorist state with terrible menaces on all the region.
 and EU experience doesn’t provide a clear answer, because legislation there was more comprehensive.
 The National Salvation Front also rejected President Mohamed Mursi’s call for dialogue because the offer came after he unilaterally set dates for the lower house of parliament polls.
 Hartnett said he would expect the state revolving funds, which provide funding for state and local wastewater and drinking water infrastructure programs, to receive a smaller cut in fiscal 2013 if sequestration is enacted because the cuts would be prorated to reflect the fiscal cliff deal.
 The hung parliament is credit negative because it could lead to new elections and even a second vote might not resolve the gridlock, Moody’s said in a report dated yesterday.
” ‘Safety Net’ Marriage remains a crucial “safety net” for Ivorian women because the husband is expected to provide the family with food and clothes, according to Namizata Sangare, a women’s rights activist.
” Ivanhoe Cambridge has already sold about 40 percent of its hotel assets since 2010, and “the other 60 percent will take time because the market is not there now,” Fournier said.
 Prices are higher than March futures because the summer blend of fuel represented by the April contract is costlier to produce.
 Ellington Management Group LLC, Saba Capital Management LP and a fund of MatlinPatterson are among investors considering purchases of so-called B-pieces of newly issued commercial property bonds, according to people familiar with the three firms’ plans who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The firm, started in 2009 to profit on price discrepancies between loans, bonds and derivatives, has been in talks with banks about the investments, according to three people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “This would just kill my spirit because Head Start has been my passion,” said Elaine Atlow, executive director of the Training and Research Foundation , the nonprofit organization that runs Folgar’s school and 16 others in Los Angeles County.
 Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa , the top Republican on the judiciary committee, said in a statement to Bloomberg News that he’s concerned about the administration’s aims because Obama has sent mixed signals about how he views whistle-blowers.
 customers who said they were misled into buying the South Korean carmaker’s vehicles because it overstated their fuel economy.
 escaped a fine because it was the first to inform regulators of the cartel .
html Blackstone Group LP (BX) ’s head of European private equity, Lionel Assant, said his industry is “absolutely negative” about investing in France because the country is delaying economic reforms.
” Another investor said Gore shouldn’t be on the board because he sold his Current TV network to Al Jazeera , the cable channel funded in part by oil- rich Qatar.
 Those payouts don’t compare with what was available before the 2008 crisis because compensation is tied to company performance more than it used to be.
 “I’ve been in the business for 40 years, and the reality is that we’ve never had a situation like this because this is totally manufactured by the Fed,” said Michael Holland , chairman of New York-based Holland & Co.
 Smith said bond prospectuses “point out repeatedly that just because the market price goes down, that’s not something we can be responsible for.
 CEO Warren Buffett said “bonds should come with a warning label” because such low-yielding investments probably would be eaten away by inflation.
 Holiday Slump The tepid revenue this month came after December’s same- store sales, a key measure of a retailer’s growth because only established locations are counted, were little changed after declining in November.
 Port closings will have a “fairly minimal” effect on iron-ore prices if the shutdowns are limited to several days because steel mills in China have ample inventories, said Paul Gray, Guilford, England-based principal iron-ore analyst for Wood Mackenzie.
” The researchers said they chose the Wii for the trial because its motion-sensing interface resembles the movements required for keyhole surgery more closely than other video-game consoles.
 "I'm sure you're familiar with Milton Friedman's work that says that people only really consume off of their permanent income, which basically means that you don't consume -- increase consumption -- because your stocks have gone up in the marketplace," Garrett said, before wandering off into areas such as how seniors should invest, "risk-taking" and "price discovery" in a market distorted by the Fed.
 “It has the most to gain exactly because demand is back.
 South Africa, which hosted the 2010 games, also relied on bus rapid transit systems, or BRTs, because they are cheap and fast to install, said Chris Gaffney, a visiting professor at the graduate school of architecture and urbanism at the Universidade Federal Fluminense in Niterói.
 An offering could come as early as this year, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Banks including Yapi & Kredi Bankasi AS, part-owned by UniCredit SpA (UCG) , Turkiye Garanti Bankasi AS (GARAN) , the country’s biggest by market value, and Akbank TAS (AKBNK) are telling the Competition Board in Ankara that any fine, set at a maximum of 10 percent of total annual revenue, should be reduced because any cooperation on rates was informal, the officials said today, asking not to be identified because the discussions aren’t public.
 Fischer, who announced last month that he will step down at the end of June after running the central bank for eight years, said he won’t raise the benchmark interest rate as a means to rein in home prices because that would strengthen the shekel and restrain growth.
 When banks’ fees are included the so-called all-in margin rises to 100 basis points, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 finance regulator doesn’t need the power to prosecute executives at banks that fail or take bailouts because such matters are unlikely to be criminal, the agency told lawmakers.
 The regulator is “not convinced” that bankers would act more cautiously in taking risk or that the public would have greater confidence in authorities’ ability to take action against mismanagement if it had the power to criminally prosecute them because it would rarely be used.
 It’s because somebody made a mistake.
 “At the end of the season, I will leave anyway because I am interim like they say.
 Barry Schnitt, a spokesman for Pinterest, said in an e-mailed statement that they chose Valiant to lead the financing round because the fund had a track record of long-term investments.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 bought 3 million barrels of crude for loading in April, said two traders who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “Buyers are very skeptical, very hesitant because they think prices may go down,” she says.
 “We have no reason to be concerned because we have observed the laws,” CEZ Bulgaria said in an e-mailed statement today.
 The majority of the reduction will come from the 2012 bonus pool, with the remainder from earlier share awards, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Just because Fitch says a bank would have a BBB-minus rating in the absence of government support, that doesn’t mean the market agrees.
 The National Retail Federation says it expects almost 50 percent of consumers to curtail spending because they have less take-home pay.
 insurer because it gets 40 percent of its life insurance operating profit from the euro region and holds more euro sovereign debt than competitors, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
” That’s partially because when it comes to policy, Biden “knows it cold,” Beau Biden said.
html Steel reinforcement-bar futures in Shanghai gained for the first time in six days as investors bought the building material because they expect high production costs to support the price.
 “The rediscovery of these two Imperial vases is very exciting, first and foremost because they are of extremely high quality and date from the reign of Nicholas I, the golden era of Russian porcelain production,” she said in a statement.
 “Brazil needs to invest significantly into infrastructure because the resources are further inland and they have to be transported to the seaside,” Theis said.
 The Food and Drug Administration said it will miss a March 1 deadline to decide whether to approve the painkiller, called Zohydro, because the agency needs more time to review data, according to a statement yesterday from San Diego-based Zogenix.
” Hess has been conducting a review of its corporate governance, in light of the complaints from Elliott and shareholder Relational Investors LLC, said a person familiar with the matter, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Chicago has become a center for the gun debate because it had 506 homicides last year, the most in the city in four years.
 ‘Challenging Position’ “Scott Rechler is in a challenging position because as he builds his real estate properties, he has to be concerned that any work he does at the Port Authority, any influence he has there, doesn’t undercut his own personal reputation,” said Doig, research professor in government at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
 “And because he has these important ties to the governor, he has to be certain that anything he does doesn’t interfere with the reputation, and, I presume, the presidential aspirations of Governor Cuomo.
 “It was pretty interesting to watch, because you could see he was doing a lot of reflecting, and came out of that experience with a much better understanding of what it means to be a leader.
 The Internal Revenue Service correctly rejected the tax benefits created by the complex partnerships from 1993 to 2003 because the transactions were designed to exploit perceived weaknesses in the tax code and not for legitimate business purposes, U.
 ‘Never Stopped’ That hearing may be scheduled for the week of March 11, according a Senate aide who asked not to be identified because a final date has not been set.
 Prosecutors in the southern district pushed for companies to admit liability because it would help financial- fraud victims recover losses in private litigation.
 It started with an awful record because most of the women had never played full-court basketball, said Neiman.
 Government officials are leaning toward meeting the March 1 deadline on the capital injection, said two people, who asked not to be identified because the preparations are private.
 Then in the 70s, they said, ‘Oh yes, we know sugar is associated with diabetes, but only because all calories are associated with diabetes, it’s an obesity issue.
’s cholesterol therapy Tredaptive, which the company stopped selling this year because it was ineffective and possibly harmful, raised rates of muscle pain and weakness in patients, a study found.
 “Short term, it’s going to work because they have price competitiveness.
” Hankook Tire is better off than other Korean tiremakers because it has factories in other countries, including China, Indonesia and Hungary , Suh said.
 The company’s brand already has visibility in the market because French television, and thus France Telecom’s advertisements, are popular.
 Cheap Money The authors focus in particular on bankers’ frequent complaint that they can’t ramp up equity, and thus reduce risk, because equity is too expensive.
 As for banks that can’t attract investors because they have no profits to retain, the authors are blunt: Supervisors should step in, pore over loans and other assets, and determine whether the operation is insolvent and needs to be shut down.
 A decision whether to go ahead with the capital injection may be made as soon as today, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The first cargo of 1 million barrels of Saturno crude will arrive in Qingdao in eastern China’s Shandong province on March 18, said one of the people, declining to be named because the information is confidential.
 (600028) The teapots mainly process fuel oil into gasoline and diesel because they have limited access to domestic crude and were traditionally banned from refining imported oil.
 The number of executive officers will drop to 21 from 30, partly because some are retiring without being replaced, according to the statement.
 Liberty stands out because it is growing like for-profit colleges did before competition and federal scrutiny of recruiting tactics and graduation rates crimped their business, according to David Clinefelter , chief academic officer at the Learning House.
 “We are already printing money, but we are doing this because it is our mission.
” The Maori Council and groups supporting it claimed the asset sales would be unlawful because they ignore outstanding indigenous claims to freshwater and geothermal resources.
 1 meeting minutes, Simon said: “We have to get better and remain laser-focused every day because momentum can turn against you in a second.
 That’s because the law that mandates the automatic cuts was written to give agencies little leeway in where the budget ax falls.
 Danny Werfel, controller at the White House’s Office of Management and Budget, told Congress this month that the effective reductions actually would equal about 13 percent for defense programs and 9 percent for non-defense programs because they come just in the final seven months of fiscal 2013.
” What’s more, this can bring down the cost of medicine without making it any less effective, because the more costly procedures are often not the best ones.
 That’s because most studies have examined only how variations in health practices can be explained by variations in liability limits, and have ignored the crucial role of how the standard of care is defined.
 A slightly higher or lower liability limit in a given state doesn’t have that much effect because doctors are still influenced by customary practice.
 The order was unjustified because the law allows the central bank to raise the minimum-capital requirement, not to demand an increase in capital, he wrote.
 The Netherlands’ top administrative court upheld the government’s seizure of SNS Reaal’s shares and subordinated loans because without such action the bank would probably have gone bankrupt, the Council of State said on Feb.
 Leading Indicator Pending home sales are considered a leading indicator because they track contract signings in advance of actual transactions, which are tabulated a month or two later.
 “It’s not as everything is going to be bright and shiny from now on because there are a lot of doubts about the economy,” he said.
 “The Italian elections are worrisome because there is the risk that reforms that are underway may be blocked for the coming months,” said Benoit Peloille, an equity market strategist at Natixis in Paris.
 Vodafone, which had intended to contact Kabel Deutschland after the cable provider’s earnings report last week, no longer has a time frame for making an approach, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations remain confidential.
 Any potential impact of the extra sugar can only be felt in the following year because supply contracts in Europe are usually signed on an annual basis, Bennett said.
 “For us, it’s important that the quotas end because they are very rigid,” Pacheco said.
 “There will be more consolidation in our industry because the pressures are pretty intense.
 Google India declined to comment on that case because it is before a court, spokeswoman Paroma Chowdhury said in an e-mailed statement.
 Censors were quick to remove the critical messages from social media because they touched a raw nerve.
 “The president left us no choice” because the review of pushes a final decision until after the presidential election, Representative Lee Terry , a Nebraska Republican and the bill’s sponsor, said at today’s meeting.
 It’s not an easy job because this is not liquid and a minority position.
 The government is trying to balance the need to contain spending while it increases public investment to spur growth, said the two people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the proposal must be approved by President Dilma Rousseff.
 “I haven’t yet called a meeting of the eurogroup for this week because I can only do this once I see that the conditions are in place to bring about a solution on private-sector involvement and so that the second Greek program can be implemented,” Juncker said on RTL radio today.
 The negotiations are still at an early stage, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the transaction is private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “People are frustrated because the reasons that they revolted against to begin with are still there.
 Source code is valuable because it is a blueprint for how a company built a piece of software.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 Komen had said it ended the grants because Planned Parenthood was under investigation by Representative Cliff Stearns , a Florida Republican and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, into whether Planned Parenthood is illegally using government money for abortions.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” RBS was bailed out by the government in 2008 and Labour says that even banks that weren’t should show restraint because they benefit from an implicit state guarantee.
 The pair co-founded startup Taptera because they realized that other companies would also want to buy these types of apps.
 It also made a demand of Jews themselves: Count on no one, because no one will come to your aid in your most dire moment.
” In today’s study, researchers weren’t able to assess the long-term risk of fractures because the women were followed only for two years.
html Companies are poised to create jobs more slowly later this year because bankers have become less inclined to lend them money, according to Tobias Levkovich, Citigroup Inc.
 Capital spending may suffer as well, he added, because credit tends to tighten three quarters before the expenditures slump.
html Freight rates for Capesize ships may have bottomed because demand for the carriers of iron ore and coal is strengthening, said DNB Bank ASA.
 Faisal, 34, who came south a decade ago to find work, says he can’t afford to return because the jobs are in the south, where economic development has long outpaced the arid north.
 “We voted for Mills and the NDC because we expected things to get better, but it’s rather worse,” Faisal said in an interview last month, gesturing at the other scrap dealers.
 “The fact that the NDC gives more representation to northerners as compared to the NPP may be the reason for the North’s alignment,” he said, adding that the south swings because urbanization brings in different voters each election.
 “Stock levels should decline because exports are still slightly stronger than production,” Arhnue Tan, vice president at Alliance Research Sdn.
 Export Trends “Most people are looking forward to the export-data trends for February with the hope that there will be some recovery in demand, because if demand is weak there will be concern that stocks will stay high even during the lean production period,” Ivy Ng, an analyst at CIMB Group Holdings Bhd.
 Glass Lewis , an independent research company that advises investors on how to vote at company meetings, said in a report published yesterday that it had “strong reservations” about supporting EasyJet’s incentive plan because it relied on a single metric to determine compensation.
 Such laws aren’t right because they entitle a worker to all the benefits of a union-negotiated contract without paying any dues.
81 million shares in the offering, said the person, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 “There are a lot of assets for sale in the Gulf, partly because companies are facing massive capital requirements to fund their shale programs,” Wil VanLoh, co-founder of Quantum, said during a telephone interview yesterday.
 because it will expose SandRidge to hurricane risks and increase its gas output amid a supply glut that has depressed prices.
 Workers delivering water and restoring power were also slowed because at least eight bridges were damaged, Patrimonio said.
 It called on the National Treasury to delay plans to introduce a carbon tax, because it may discourage mining.
 “The state has to be interested in such matters because the sale of Mercator could have a big impact on our food industry .
 “It’s going to weigh on sentiment toward SAP because bad news is going to be lurking in the background again,” said Andreas Wolf, an analyst at Warburg Research GmbH in Hamburg.
 Financial Services Authority had put Dresdner on its watch list in 2008 because it was worried key staff would leave while the future of the investment-banking division was being decided by then-owner Allianz SE.
 ‘More Vulnerable’ “Lower-income families are more vulnerable to energy costs than higher-income families because energy represents a larger portion of their household budgets,” according to the study, which relied on Energy Information Administration data.
 They spoke on condition of anonymity because they lack permission to speak to the media.
 Annual estimates are not calculated for job openings because job openings are a stock, or point-in-time, measurement for the last business day of each month.
 The unit, which develops and manages software that allows Goldman Sachs clients to trade financial products electronically, could reach agreement with new investors within a month, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “Farmers know that they have to plant more when prices are high because they may not last.
 Corn will lead the planting surge because it is the most profitable row crop.
48 percent of the company have the power to block the deal because U.
 “ Germany is in surplus today because it began work 12 years ago,” he said.
 “I can tell you that when I meet my Chinese counterparts, the discussion is animated; that’s because we have problems there.
 Hollande has suggested making the system means-tested, limiting deductions for high-earning families and increasing direct payments to poor families that can’t benefit from the tax breaks because they earn too little to pay income tax.
 “I think it would be in the banks’ best interest to agree on such a plan because it levels up the playing field for all lenders.
 Stock Buybacks Ageas said its cash holdings, less of debt, will increase by 666 million euros as of March 26 because the settlement also involved a 1 billion-euro reimbursement by Fortis Bank of perpetual subordinated notes it sold in 2001, most of which are held by Ageas since Sept.
 Mancini said many of her clients don’t use IRAs as an estate-planning tool because beneficiaries often want to spend their inheritances.
 Another potential benefit to the federal government is that, because distributions would be taken out faster, there would be less time for the money to accumulate in the IRA tax- free, Olivieri said.
 “It’s time not just to talk about new targets for 2020 and beyond, it’s time to fix the world today because otherwise new targets beyond 2020 may be very little meaningful,” Teyssen said.
 In December Total agreed to raise its stake to 66 percent, contrasting with BP Plc’s decision to quit the solar business after 40 years because it had become unprofitable.
 “We’ve learned to be careful what you promise because they will hold you to it,” said Lisa Wheeler, 38.
 “But the European consumers were not hurt because there is more than enough gas at storage facilities across Europe.
 “It is nice in many ways because we are helping our grandparents, elderly neighbors to go get groceries because it is slippery outside.
 Dealers find a lot of value in that because they can go out and sell the next car.
 “They couldn’t afford to lose transportation because it ties right to their ability to work.
 Lenders can often afford to forgive debt, offer the incentive and still make a profit because they purchased the loan from another bank at a discount, said Trent Chapman, a Realtor who trains brokers and attorneys to negotiate with banks for short sales.
2 million tons of steel, is not getting the coke and ore it needs because heavy snowfall and freezing temperatures are disrupting traffic along the Danube river, the report quoted Vukoica Scekic as saying.
 Consumers “are willing to take on this debt because there is some increasing degree of confidence in the economy,” said Ken Mayland , president of ClearView Economics LLC in Pepper Pike , Ohio , who projected credit would climb by $15 billion, the highest in the Bloomberg survey.
 6 rejected Contador’s argument he tested positive for clenbuterol because he ate a contaminated steak.
 The tribunal handed down the sanction because under WADA rules athletes are responsible for what they ingest.
 senators because the group was called home amid a dispute over charges against American pro-democracy workers, according to three U.
 “And I said, ‘Welcome to democracy, because I have the same responsibility to deal with the Congress, and they’re concerned about this issue.
 That actually would not be bad for the industry because returns should go up.
 “The coal market will likely tighten because the merger accelerates market domination by suppliers,” Hidetoshi Shioda, a senior analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.
” China Impact The merger will have little impact on coal imports into China because purchases are based on the price rather than the quality of the commodity, said Zhao Guodong, a Beijing-based spokesman at China Coal Technology and Engineering Group.
 “I thought it was a good time to expand, because everybody else is shrinking,” Cho told reporters.
 “There will be less cheats in London than in any other Games, because they now know they are likely to get caught, more than in any other time in history,” Fahey said in an interview in Lausanne today.
 “The anti-doping program was much better in Beijing, because we have learned so much in those four years.
 Cycling Violations Fahey’s comments come a day after the Court of Arbitration for Sport rejected Spanish cyclist Alberto Contador ’s claim that he failed a drug test because he consumed a contaminated steak, and banned him for two years.
 The suit was filed in Milan because Lanci is Italian and resides in the country, Acer said yesterday.
 Costs also mushroomed because the authority took on work related to the memorial, New York City subway operations and site security.
 They may take the plan to the General Assembly, seeking to override the Security Council and show up Russia in the 193-member body, UN diplomats said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the talks are in a preliminary phase.
 “This is a regional and global issue because they are militarizing the South Atlantic once again,” Fernandez, 58, told an audience at the presidential palace that included her Cabinet and the nation’s military chiefs.
” The Times published the stories revealing the police officer because it was in the public interest, Harding said.
 Even if a deal is agreed in Greece, “we are going to be revisiting these issues on an ongoing basis because growth in the periphery is not there,” Niven said.
 Xstrata is co-owner of the $6 billion Zanaga iron-ore project in the Republic of Congo and plans to bring in a new investor because Zanaga Iron Ore Co.
 That’s nothing like enough because the outlook is grim for Greek stocks.
 That’s because dividends will again be treated, as they were historically, as ordinary income, and taxed at 39.
 Rather, what's important is the realization that you can do more with less because you and your colleagues are more capable than you first believed.
 The Agriculture Ministry “has stepped up activities to determine the condition of this year’s corn crop” because severe weather conditions, including drought, may have resulted “in an increased contamination by aflatoxins,” the ministry said in an e-mailed statement today.
 CSN, as the Sao Paulo-based company is known, is among two companies that will participate in the final round of negotiations, said one of the people, who asked to not be identified because the discussion is private.
 “There are concerns within the gaming industry because he used to be so influential,” said Yip.
 High-stakes gamblers from China turn to junket operators because currency controls limit the amount of cash they can take out of China to 20,000 yuan a day.
 “That is a good thing, because we are in the midst of a transformative moment in the Middle East, one that offers as many questions as answers about Israel’s place in the emerging regional order.
 National Presidency The leader of the 100-year-old ANC is almost guaranteed the national presidency because the party controls almost two-thirds of Parliament, which elects the president.
, also may outline the board makeup of the spinoff and original company, said another person, who asked not to be named because the plans are private.
 President Scott Kirby is leading the analysis, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Hungary is ready to change its central bank bill and other laws because starting talks on an IMF loan is more important for the government than engaging in a legal battle with the European Commission, Orban told reporters in Budapest Jan.
 At least he didn’t pretend this was likely, acknowledging that most Americans believe “nothing will get done in Washington this year, or next year, or maybe even the year after that, because Washington is broken.
” Medvedev, who took over as president in 2008 because the Russian constitution prevented Putin from serving three consecutive terms in the Kremlin, agreed in September to step aside to allow his mentor’s comeback.
 At the time, Medvedev said he’d agreed to cede to Putin because he was a more popular politician.
” Curbing deductions alone wouldn’t be enough to create a minimum 30 percent tax for the highest earners because many top earners benefit from the preferential tax rate for investment income.
 Tuition keeps increasing because government aid keeps increasing.
3 billion in April, is an attractive target because it produces high-grade steelmaking coal, Brean Murray Carret & Co.
 “You want to do it in the case of ArcelorMittal because you want to lock in a reasonable cost for your met coal.
 Mejia said he declined to do so because he believed he was tampering with a legal document.
 The CPI for food consumed at home also affects policy evaluation because the effects of many current and proposed policies are evaluated based on CPI measures.
3 billion in April, is an attractive target because it produces high-grade steelmaking coal, Brean Murray Carret & Co.
 While the ECB faces pressure to join private-sector investors in taking losses on Greek debt, the central bank sees this as potentially damaging to confidence in the institution if it were to take part, said the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 In Saudi Arabia, “there is a huge opportunity for reasons that include a wave of new entrepreneurship, including women entrepreneurs, and because SMEs are often in the supply chain of larger conglomerates and in Saudi Arabia you do have larger conglomerates,” Speechley said.
 tax credit offered to buyers of electric vehicles because the car was used.
 “But they couldn’t go ahead with the protest because security forces closed the roads and used teargas to disperse the crowds,” he said.
P Moeller-Maersk A/S (MAERSKB) , the world’s biggest container line, may fall less than smaller competitors this year because its bigger ships are more cost-efficient, said Rikard Vabo, an analyst at Fearnley Fonds ASA in Oslo.
2 billion loss last year and prospects for 2012 are “dire” because the gap between supply and demand will grow even wider, the London-based consultant said in a Jan.
 Still, the company’s shareholders probably will lose money in the short term because there are no immediate solutions for overcapacity, he said.
 “There is greater uncertainty and greater speed of movement because companies are anxious about where to invest in new growth markets,” said Chris Zook, a partner and co-head of the global strategy practice at Bain & Co.
 Apartment Values “There’s an issue, which is also fundamental, which is that banks and savings banks are filling up with real estate assets and apartments and because these apartments are not valued at market prices, they don’t go to market,” de Guindos told state broadcaster TVE today in an interview.
 He said he “absolutely” ruled out setting up a so-called bad bank to acquire damaged assets from lenders because doing so would cost public money.
 While the ECB faces pressure to join private-sector investors in taking losses on Greek debt, the central bank sees this as potentially damaging to confidence in the institution if it were to take part, said two people familiar with the Governing Council’s stance, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
, said the banker, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 The book values of Akbank TAS (AKBNK) , Turkiye Is Bankasi (ISATR) AS and Yapi & Kredi Bankasi AS are expected to fall because asset values will need to be marked down in the fourth quarter, Morgan Stanley analysts including Magdalena Stoklosa and Samuel Goodacre said in an e-mailed report today.
 China is excluding Vale’s five largest ships, the world’s biggest carriers of dry-bulk commodities, because they lack port-entry permits, Jose Carlos Martins, head of iron ore and strategy, said in December.
 Some partners may not want to idle other gas production because they want to continue receiving cash flow , he said.
75 percentage points more than the London interbank bank offered rate, said the person, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 “The potential for growth is here because the liquidity is available,” he said, adding that infrastructure projects and the exploration of gas and oil “can spur confidence in the economy.
 “A fair price should justify development of greenfield projects, because brownfield projects are limited,” Belyakov said.
 The comment was significant because it broke ranks with the country's corporate titans who have rallied around the export-friendly euro since the crisis began in 2010.
 Bollard held rates rather than matching cuts in Australia and Thailand because reconstruction of earthquake-devastated Christchurch city is expected to boost growth and fan inflation.
 Pimco favors senior bank bonds that offer more protection in the event the economy weakens, because their principal is paid back before subordinated debt in a bankruptcy, he said.
 Loomis Sayles likes “too-big-to-fail” banks best because the U.
 Leading Indicator Economists consider pending home sales a leading indicator because they track contract signings.
 But we’re doing that because we have to protect the economy from ever facing again the type of crisis we saw.
 “We can’t be backing the opposition because that would have counterproductive effects, but what we can legitimately do is insist that Russia observes its international commitments to run honest and fair elections, to allow freedom of the press and freedom of opposition.
 are trying to arrange briefings by the Qatari prime minister and the Arab League president for the 15-member Security Council, according to the UN diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
html Billionaire George Soros said “the euro must survive because the alternative, a breakup, would cause a meltdown that Europe, the world, can’t afford,” Newsweek Magazine reported, citing an interview in New York ahead of his participation at the World Economic Forum in Davos.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 He has yet to be paid $16 million, money that MacAndrews & Forbes says it rightly withheld from him because he breached the terms of the separation deal by withholding documents and trying to induce an executive to leave.
 Baer, 61, who leads the antitrust group at Arnold & Porter LLP in Washington, is the subject of a background investigation for the job by the Federal Bureau of Investigation , said the people, who didn’t want to be identified because the process is confidential.
 Many Republicans have criticized Freddie Mac because the company invested in risky mortgages and then needed billions of dollars in taxpayer money for a bailout after the housing market meltdown.
html Russia ’s grain exports will have a “dramatic” slowdown from now through June because the three major exporting provinces have shipped most of their supplies, according to the U.
 Republican Support Boyce said he believes Republicans lawmakers may support Obama’s legislation because their constituents are among those who would benefit the most.
 President Barack Obama sought the changes because a third of U.
 Virgin Islands by mid- February because the plant is losing money.
 stores is important because they accounted for 60 percent of total sales and 73 percent of operating income for the nine months ended October.
 “That model won’t work because prices for solar products are dropping quicker than subsidies,” Joachim Pfeiffer, the CDU’s economic policy spokesman, said today by telephone.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The change is being made because RightNow is being acquired by Oracle Corp.
 A 2008 Congressional Budget Office report , published while I was director of that agency, noted the same concern for health-care price transparency: “The markets for some health- care services are highly concentrated, so increasing transparency in such markets could lead to higher, rather than lower, prices because higher prices are easier to maintain when the prices charged by each provider involved can be observed by all the others.
” Medvedev said he chose not to seek a second term as president because Putin had a better chance of being elected.
 “We know there are some doubts and some kind of internal debate already going on within the leadership on what to do and how much they are paying because they insist on accelerating the nuclear project,” he said.
 Richard Rosenquist, chairman of the pain management department at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio , said doctors there use Kenalog epidural shots to treat neck and back pain because it works well.
 27, said the people, who declined to be named because details on secondary transactions are kept private.
html Germany and Scandinavia are the most favored investment locations in Europe for unlisted real-estate funds because money managers perceive them as more likely to weather the recession threatening the region, according to a survey published today.
 Russia’s grain shipments will have a “dramatic” slowdown through June because the three major-exporting provinces have shipped most of their supplies, the U.
 “The probability of Yapi Kredi selling is high because their main peer, Garanti, also sold their insurance unit to Eureko and because they have one of the lowest capital adequacy ratios in our market, so they’ve been talking about some kind of liquidation.
 “You have a little pressure on your back because you have a Grand Slam and everybody is expecting that you win all matches when you play,” Kvitova told reporters.
25 percent, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The debt was acquired for monetary policy purposes and the ECB is firmly opposed to any restructuring, they said on condition of anonymity because the matter is confidential.
3 percent because performance fell short of expectations at a unit that outfits and overhauls business jets, the Falls Church , Virginia-based company said earlier today.
 The company’s defense business, which provided about 82 percent of its revenue last year, may be at risk because it is more dependent on U.
” Gulf Refineries The proposed pipeline requires the State Department’s approval because it would cross the U.
 South Korea’s inflation has remained elevated in part because a weakening won has made imported goods more expensive.
 The State Department must issue a permit for the pipeline to proceed because it would cross an international border.
 We always said we cannot do far-fetched economic reform without political reform because unpopular governments cannot take the hard decisions just to keep people quiet.
 Many Republicans have criticized Freddie Mac because the company invested in risky mortgages and then needed billions of dollars in taxpayer money for a bailout after the housing market meltdown.
 Many Republicans have criticized Freddie Mac because the company invested in risky mortgages and then needed billions of dollars in taxpayer money for a bailout after the housing market meltdown.
 She said it can be less of an obstacle for Democrats, though, because their party since the 1930s has been defined by using the power of government to help the needy.
 Geithner, speaking at an event held by the Charlotte Chamber of Commerce, said the Obama administration is “a little behind” where it expected to be with the Dodd-Frank financial regulations because it wants to be sure the rules are implemented correctly.
 All the children wore long shirts because pants were too expensive.
 However, in many cases, this benefit is offset because these same consumers of cheap foreign goods also tend to be producers of American goods that are less marketable globally as a result of the strong dollar.
 Still, those workers also may directly benefit from a weak dollar because it reduces their personal debt load in real terms.
html The European Central Bank is buying and will continue to buy bonds from the euro region because the financial markets are blocked, Marko Kranjec, a member of the governing council of the ECB, said in an interview with the Slovenian weekly magazine Demokracija .
 Over a thousand Americans are working today because we stopped a surge in Chinese tires.
 I will not cede the wind or solar or battery industry to China or Germany because we refuse to make the same commitment here.
 We got rid of one rule from 40 years ago that could have forced some dairy farmers to spend $10,000 a year proving that they could contain a spill - because milk was somehow classified as an oil.
 When Americans talk about folks like me paying my fair share of taxes, it’s not because they envy the rich.
 They know that this generation’s success is only possible because past generations felt a responsibility to each other, and to their country’s future, and they know our way of life will only endure if we feel that same sense of shared responsibility.
 But no matter what party they belong to, I bet most Americans are thinking the same thing right now: Nothing will get done this year, or next year, or maybe even the year after that, because Washington is broken.
 We will support policies that lead to strong and stable democracies and open markets, because tyranny is no match for liberty.
 This Nation is great because we built it together.
 This Nation is great because we worked as a team.
 While the ECB faces pressure to join private-sector investors in taking losses on Greek securities, the central bank sees this as potentially damaging to confidence in the institution, according to two people familiar with the Governing Council’s stance, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 “It requires government intervention on an enormous scale, because an economy cannot survive if it does not invest in the younger generation,” Derks said.
 More than three in four also voice at least some support for the statement that strong bank profits are good for the economy because financial institutions will have more money to lend to consumers and companies.
 The sale, which may be announced by the end of the month, involves about 40 Hoare Govett employees as well as a small number of additional research and equity sales staff, said the people, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 “I will get America working again because I know how to get America working again.
 “The news is positive because Fortuna had applied for the license several months ago and there could be concerns whether any obstacles might get in the way.
html Banks are becoming increasingly reticent to finance used aircraft because their value has become harder to gauge as an unprecedented number of new jets floods the market, a managing director of DVB Bank SE (DVB) said.
 The story prompted a trial of five men, which collapsed after police decided the source -- their key witness -- was unreliable because News of the World paid him 10,000 pounds ($15,600) for the information.
 In December, Mahmood testified his techniques, such as portraying different people to get stories, are justified because his articles resulted in 261 criminal prosecutions, including that of four men sentenced in connection to a Pakistani cricket scandal last year.
 There was no oil trading on the Platts window in Singapore because on Jan.
 This makes a huge difference, because it vastly enlarges the defaults that could ensue.
 While the ECB faces pressure to join private-sector investors in taking losses on Greek securities, the central bank sees this as potentially damaging to confidence in the institution, according to two people familiar with the Governing Council’s stance, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 While the ECB faces pressure to join private-sector investors in taking losses on Greek debt, the central bank sees this as potentially damaging to confidence in the institution if it were to take part, said the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Toyota is effectively hedged because it buys parts from U.
 The debt was acquired for monetary policy purposes and the ECB is firmly opposed to any restructuring, they said on condition of anonymity because the matter is confidential.
25 percent, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “Just because certain people in the United States would like to see Canada be one giant national park for the northern half of North America , I don’t think that’s part of what our review process is all about,” Harper said in a Jan.
 Senator Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican, and Senator Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat, said addressing the nation’s debt deserves an almost singular focus because a debt-cutting deal could boost the economy and investments.
 “One of the reasons why we have a lower tax rate on capital gains is because capital gains are also being taxed at the corporate level,” he said.
” ‘Get America Working’ Referring to his own experience as a private-equity executive for Bain Capital LLC, Romney said, “I will get America working again because I know how to get America working again.
 President Bill Clinton told a gathering of college-student innovators not to be dissuaded by fear of failure because even that may hold the seeds of eventual success.
 On the current-account deficit: “My sense is that the fourth quarter current-account will be significantly narrower than third quarter, because our exports have done better.
 The public doesn’t need to be alarmed by the level of government debt because as a ratio of China’s gross domestic product it is “not particularly high” and because the borrowings are mostly domestic, Xiang said at the forum.
 Chernin submitted the bid for Los Angeles-based Hulu last week, said the people, who sought anonymity because the talks are private.
 It’s known as the “Jumbo Wagner” because its dimensions are larger than most other T206 Wagner cards.
 About 3,000 executives from 30 countries were asked whether they’d lost a contract in the past year because competitors had paid a bribe.
 Lakes exist deep below the Antarctic surface because the pressure exerted by thousands of meters of ice drives down the freezing point of water.
” Wounded civilians “who could be saved are dying on a daily basis because they lack access to medical care,” Maurer said in the statement.
 The KP Snacks unit, spun off from United Biscuits by owners Blackstone Group LP (BX) and PAI Partners this year, is valued at about 500 million pounds ($796 million), said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 judge said it was invalid because it was too obvious, according to Bas Berghuis van Woortman, a lawyer for Simmons & Simmons LLP representing Samsung.
” GM selected Austin because the Texas capital has a population with computer skills, the Detroit-based automaker said today in a statement.
 Paulson’s Gold Fund led gains with an 11 percent jump in August, which reduced losses this year to 15 percent, said the people, asking not to be named because the information is private.
 “In all cases, it’s too early to decide to change crops because nothing has been lost at this point,” Cetiom wrote.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Back Story “Keep the Lights On” has been much talked about since it was shown at the Sundance Festival in January, partly because its back story is so widely known.
 has recovered better than the other markets because our financial system and companies have restructured and responded first,” James McDonald , chief investment strategist at Northern Trust Corp.
 Prosecutors argued that Bagios faces five years in prison and he might flee because he has no incentive to return to Florida.
 Trade & Development Bank of Mongolia LLC plans to meet investors in Asia and Europe next week before a possible dollar bond sale, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Newspaper Sales Exemplary damages are appropriate because a high-level conspiracy facilitated the use of hacked private information of celebrities and other public figures to sell more newspapers and increase profit at News Corp.
 “Appetite for bonds is subdued because the outlook for rate cuts is bleak,” he said in a Sept.
3 percent this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show, partly because food inflation accelerated to 10 percent in July compared with deflation of 0.
 Pricing may determine whether MGM moves forward with the IPO or weighs any offers, said a second person, who sought anonymity because the process is private.
 Following Almunia’s recommendation, the proposals now head to national regulators for a vote tomorrow, the person said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
 Gibson, a lawyer for the Internal Revenue Service , said while the additions resolved the objection to the disclosure statement he “anticipates filing an objection to confirmation of the plan on behalf of IRS” because the time for exchanging information among parties is shorter than usual with the confirmation date so close.
 Jeb Bush said last week that such laws pose a risk to Republicans at the ballot box because they alienate Hispanics and Asians.
 ’This Pop’ “You’re getting this pop because people are looking at these numbers as disappointing and Mr.
 Lower volatility makes investments in currencies with higher benchmark lending rates more attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profit.
 That might be because bavituximab works by disrupting the vascular support for the tumors and stimulating the immune system, which means the potency may increase with time, Duncan said in a telephone interview.
 Prestandrea, who was based in EIM’s New York office, also served as director of research, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the firm is private.
” Light Louisiana Sweet, a grade prized because its low- sulfur content and density make it easier to process into fuels such as gasoline, was $1.
 13 confirmation vote on Mersch because there are no women on the ECB board, the parliament said.
 Leverenz said he was “completely charmed” by Galitskiy when he first met him in Krasnodar in 2008 and bought shares that year, when “nobody wanted to look” at Magnit because it was too small.
 Blackstone began raising money for the Tactical Opportunities fund last year to take advantage of investments sourced from its private-equity, hedge fund and real estate businesses, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 In Europe, it makes a good business case because so many people want it.
 Stigma Outdated Mulally said the stigma of SUVs as monsters of the motorway is going away because Ford is bringing smaller, leaner models to Europe.
 (P) Apple has held talks with record companies about acquiring the necessary music rights, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Mireille Imbert-Quaretta, president of France’s Commission for Rights Protection that is part of Hadopi, said she’s satisfied with the results, because the primary role of the campaign is to educate and dissuade further infringement rather than prosecute infringers, the magazine reported.
 While the details of the sale are still under discussion, the company may raise about $1 billion by listing the unit, known as Cemex Latam Holdings SA, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 Treasuries are more attractive than German bunds, the refuge for investors in Europe , because the Fed is buying U.
 What we’re seeing is buyers of fives and sevens because the life of a mortgage averages out to that area.
 His first week wasn’t paid because he was told he was being trained.
 There was nothing for him here, he was staying home for days because he had no place to go.
 Pakistan maintains links to the Haqqani Network and is reluctant to take action against it because the network can be useful to pursuing its security interests in Afghanistan after the NATO withdrawal in 2014.
 Clinton didn’t act on the package right away, the officials said, because the U.
 “The situation requires urgent action, not because there is a fire but because this is a very competitive world,” Joly said.
html The Syrian conflict is “rapidly deteriorating” as wounded people die because medical aid is lacking, International Committee of the Red Cross President Peter Maurer said following a three-day trip to the country.
 Many men, women and children who could be saved are dying on a daily basis because they lack access to medical care.
 “He did not tell anyone but his management conferees that he was contemplating an MBO because he knew that would have posed all kinds of questions about the negotiations with Kinder Morgan and how they were to be conducted,” the judge said.
 His discussion of foreign policy was effective, in real terms because he has achievements to brag about, and in relative terms because Romney’s last week was onion-paper-thin (it was about four paragraphs).
 “They appear to clearly have bullish intentions as these are not exactly the type of calls that you would use for a more conservative strategy, such as to hedge a short position, because they are so far out-of-the money.
 The tender is for zero to three 100,000 ton cargoes per month from the Baltic ports, and as many as three 80,000 ton shipments as well as one or two 140,000 ton lots from the Black Sea port, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Brazil’s Grupo Silvio Santos , which owns Jequiti, hired Barclays Plc (BARC) to sell the brand, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 Third Parties Another drawback is that the system can shut third parties out of the general election because it narrows the choice to two candidates -- often from the major parties, Pitney said.
” The legislature, with both houses controlled by Republicans, “did it to the public employees for the very reason because they could,” Puckett said.
 Japan has administrative control over the uninhabited islands and pays the Japanese owner rent, a situation Okada described as “unstable” because they could be sold to anyone.
 That’s because when politicians claim to save a certain amount of money, they’re comparing their proposed budget to what they say the government would otherwise spend over the next decade.
 The numbers are uncertain, according to the bankruptcy filing, because there is no active trading market for some of the assets and some of the liabilities may be disputed.
 So-called “core gamers,” who buy games for consoles, remain the most important to the industry because they spend on average 35 percent more than others, Anita Frazier , an NPD analyst, said in the statement.
 Factories slowed grinding because powder prices started to fall.
 “This obligation to report was not discretionary because the controlling statute mandates that the report be made.
 The agency argued that it was shielded from liability because it had discretion in determining whether to take enforcement or regulatory action against Stanford.
 The inspector general found that investigators shied away because of the scheme’s complexity, preferring to tackle easier topics because the staffers felt they were being evaluated based on the number of cases they made.
 “The Libor scandal should not be something to be hidden under the carpet because it affects the correct functioning of financial markets and the economy as a whole,” said Mario Cribari, head of asset management at Veco Invest SA in Lugano, Switzerland , and a participant in the poll.
 Thirty-seven percent of survey respondents said high- frequency and algorithmic trading is mostly bad because it makes markets more volatile, and 18 percent said it was negative because computer problems could hurt investors.
 “Negative, because on the short term this could lead to the disinvestment by some index-backed investment funds.
 Positive, because the stock will be less under the spotlight and thus less subject to short-selling.
 There were just two offers to sell Russian wheat for delivery in early November because several other proposed sales were canceled as traders doubted they would be able to fulfill the commitments, Moscow-based researcher SovEcon said in a statement on its website today, citing unidentified traders.
 The number of offers is down from five made for October delivery in the tender yesterday by Egypt’s General Authority for Supply Commodities, according to two traders involved in the process who asked to remain anonymous because they are not allowed to speak to the media.
 Agency home-loan securities with the lowest coupons that are trading closest to face value, which guide consumer rates because lenders typically package new debt into them, “have limited sponsorship from the investor community other than the Fed,” according to Tae Park, a money manager in New York who oversees mortgage-bond investments at Societe Generale SA.
7 million fundraising goal because the DNC banned direct cash contributions from corporations, which have traditionally underwritten presidential nominating conventions.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 While belief in a long-term trend because it's hot out right now is a bit ridiculous, it's a start.
html Canada must diversify its trade toward Asia because it has become too reliant on the U.
 This is because U.
 This more muted response is because Canada has relatively little direct exposure to these export markets.
 The Suwon, South Korea-based company will continue supplying the processor powering the device, the person said, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 (STI) and HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA) have held talks with state and federal officials who investigated claims that loan servicers mishandled foreclosure documents, according to the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 It’s unclear whether labeling the unit as meeting the criteria would have more than symbolic impact, given its leaders have already been named terrorists, the officials said on condition of anonymity because the talks were private.
 The details are unlikely to be on the agenda when ministers meet in Cyprus next week, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The figures fluctuated because both deals included stock.
 He also said yesterday that he hasn’t been able to find any current or former UBS employees to testify on his behalf because they fear the bank.
 Verizon has the most exposure to the damage because it has many customers in the Northeast with land-line service, Ratcliffe said in a note.
37 million subscribers can’t connect to its service because their power is out.
 “My assessment is those buildings can’t be used, because you have to have all the basic building services up and running to make the building habitable.
 The company may face an extended absence there because salt water got into the basement where operating systems are located, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The building’s mechanical equipment wasn’t damaged because they are on a level above the sub- basement, which is 80 feet below the street, said the person, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy , a spokesman said as the figures were released.
 Watson is changing the name to Actavis in 2013 because the brand is easier to use globally, without the copyright issues Watson would have had abroad because of similarly named business.
 ‘Major Players’ “It is challenging, but nevertheless we’re still committed to the opportunity because we think we can be one of the major players in these types of therapeutic categories.
” Customer Goodwill Popular wants its customers to buy 60 percent of the new shares being offered because Chief Financial Officer Jacobo Gonzalez-Robatto said Oct.
 “This is a fight you must win, because all over the world, corruption is a cancer that eats away at societies,” Clinton said.
 Schneider has resumed talks with Avago Technologies Ltd (AVGO) , which may buy the business excluding some assets in France , said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
” According to the complaint, the former Central Asian official refused to pay the debt because an earlier tip was unprofitable and because U.
 Pleading Poverty A lawyer for Michael Ballack claimed the retired German midfielder could not afford to pay an 8,000-pound fine for speeding on a Spanish freeway because he is unemployed, the Daily Telegraph reported .
 At a second hearing yesterday, Ballack’s lawyer, Jesus Gallego Rol, requested that the fine be cut to 800 pounds because Ballack has no income since he was released by Bayer Leverkusen in June, the newspaper added.
 because I always loved the auto industry and aspired someday to be head of a car company like my dad had done,” Romney said in 2007.
 A colleague of Romney’s from this period, seeking to convey the challenge consultants faced, says that Chrysler executives firmly believed people would continue to buy Chryslers because they had always bought Chryslers.
 Many of the layoffs and plant closings were inevitable because whole industries were no longer competitive.
” If Romney didn’t see how damaging this could be, it may be because he had fallen prey to the same habits as his old clients, like Chrysler, putting his faith in what had worked so well for him in the past instead of devising a new strategy for the future.
 “The only way for this company is up because investors have a lot of confidence in the management as demonstrated by the level of oversubscription of its rights issue.
 “There’s less need to ease because the domestic economy is running quite hot,” said Eugene Leow, a Singapore-based economist at DBS Group Holdings Ltd.
” ‘More Involved’ “The market is reluctant to renew its risk-averse mood because the ECB may get more involved,” said Orlando Green , a fixed-income strategist at Credit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank in London.
 “It has been frustrating because some of these have been clear from the outset in so many ways,” Lipsky said in an interview in Copenhagen yesterday.
” I’ve always felt that Munch’s melancholic series is popular primarily because it was the first to reduce painting, if not the Existential plight of Modern man, to the impact of a poster.
 Oil markets: NI CRMKTS OIL PRODUCTS Gasoline pared gains on speculation that flooding and power outages after Hurricane Sandy will reduce demand because people are unable to drive or find fuel.
 “I wanted to have kids but I kept putting it off because I wanted to gain recognition for my work,” said Yoko Ogata, an employee at a Japanese trading company, who has no children.
 “But look a little closer, because a grand, unilateral repatriation of powers might sound appealing but in reality, it is a false promise, wrapped in a Union Jack.
 During the drive, he had explained to me that he was almost empty because gas was nearly impossible to find in Manhattan and lines in New Jersey were eternal.
 Federal Reserve’s moves have had a greater impact on government bond yields because its QE programs have been of a longer duration -- six to 10 months -- and it provides guidance on the near-term outlook for its policy rates, say Jens Christensen and Glenn Rudebusch.
html Gasoline pared gains on speculation flooding and power outages following Hurricane Sandy will reduce demand because people are unable to drive or to find fuel.
 lenders who asked not to be identified because the effort is private.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy , a spokesman said as the figures were released.
 Foreign investors are more likely to invest in real estate funds than individual CRIs because they typically seek more volume, said Michel Gutnik Steinberg, head of real estate at Brasil Plural SA Banco Multiplo.
 The IPO will go ahead as scheduled despite disruptions in New York caused by Hurricane Sandy this week, according to a person familiar with the situation, who declined to be named because the information is private.
 Combination Therapy Combinations of different kinds of drugs are thought to be the most effective way to combat hepatitis C because they strike at the various ways the virus infects the body.
 State-run distribution companies, the main intended buyers, are failing to meet those targets because they are cash-strapped and count on government leniency, according to Bharat Bhushan, a New Delhi- based analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
 Asada is part of a committee that has interviewed hundreds of hopefuls, while warning them they will have to raise money on their own, because the party will not qualify for government funding until April.
 While Priceline’s forecast in August trailed estimates because turmoil in Europe curtailed reservations in the region, the company has won business from those continuing to travel.
 “ Monetary policy has already done its job” and there’s “no way we will see another interest-rate cut because we think inflation is going to rebound.
 Mugabe, 88, is under pressure from leaders of the 15-nation Southern African Development Community to allow an election he has called for March to proceed without violence because they want an end to the crisis that has disrupted the economy of the country and its neighbors for the last 12 years.
 in 1980, won disputed elections in 200o, 2002 and 2005 his party lost its majority in parliament in 2008 and a second-round presidential vote was boycotted by Tsvangirai because he said the army and Zanu-PF militia were killing and intimidating his supporters.
 Legal paperwork was presented to the high court today, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 “Crude is also up because the stock market is flying on the good ISM number, improving consumer confidence and the improving jobs picture.
 “It is an alert for the government that they need to maintain stimulus because industry is not capable of growing by itself.
 The unemployment rate can be influenced by gains in part- time jobs or by workers without jobs dropping out of the labor force because they are discouraged, Lockhart said in remarks prepared for a speech to the Chattanooga Downtown Rotary.
 The agreement will be effective until one party decides to end it, the person said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 The debt buyback idea is appealing, not least because it allows Germany to agree to a debt reduction measure for Greece without having to cross its own red lines of forgiving debt that the country owes to the German government or the European Central Bank.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy, a spokesman said as the figures were released.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Union Beach, on Raritan Bay across from New York City’s borough of Staten Island , has “no polling places because the town is a mess,” Kirkpatrick said.
 “We need to do everything we can to make sure that voting goes as smoothly as possible Tuesday because it will go on,” he said.
 A press official with the Mexican Finance Ministry said a list of confirmed attendees wasn’t available because responses were still coming in.
3 billion loss, said he hasn’t been able to find any current or former UBS employees to testify on his behalf because they fear the bank.
 And because their partnership is not political, it has had a huge effect on the politics of the moment: a Republican governor rising above partisanship to give credit to a Democratic president, who is locked in a difficult campaign against the man the governor supports.
 And between now and then, the forces that push prices up will always be here because the Hong Kong dollar stays cheap.
” Currency Peg The link, which has been in place since 1983, will remain because conditions for a possible alternative peg to the yuan , such as currency convertibility, aren’t in place, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Secondary Market “What these measures will definitely do is choke off transactions in the secondary market because the owners would just pull the units off the market rather than cut prices,” said Lee Wee Liat, an analyst at BNP Paribas SA.
 Pimco bought Australian securities because the country offers one of the highest yields after inflation, known as real yields, in developed markets, Althof said.
 “We may not be as bullish as we were in the past because the real yields have come a long way, but if you look for positive real rates then Australia still offers value.
 ’Main Evil’ The government is singling out kiosks and other independent retailers because it claims they make tobacco and beer easily available to young people, who can’t legally buy either before age 18.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “The statement I hear most often is that I want to spend money in politics, but I don’t want anyone to know because someone might object or I might face reprisals,” said Potter, who is now president of the Campaign Legal Center, which advocates disclosure in elections.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy , a spokesman said as the figures were released.
 The central bank need not make a “direct, targeted” response to the disaster because any harm to the U.
 He trusts his own eyes and the people who are always there because when it goes up three layers, things begin to get rosier.
 There was less optimism about GM’s plan because it lacked specifics, wrote Peter Nesvold, an analyst with Jefferies & Co.
 It is one where innovation in research and development finds no domestic markets because incumbent interests hold on to outmoded capital stocks instead of modernizing them, and where innovative manufacturing is sacrificed to other sectors of the economy.
 lost its manufacturing dominance in two technologies -- solar and wind -- because outmoded electricity regulation strangled their market access.
 The nation produces millions of flex-fuel vehicles, few of which burn ethanol, because oil controls the service stations, which won’t pump a competitor’s fuel.
 paper companies bleed market share to imports manufactured with illegally logged timber because U.
 “This is because we plan to idle the No.
 2 crude unit in January, according to two company officials who asked not to be identified because the information is not public.
 Liberty needs FCC approval to complete a takeover because Sirius holds airwave licenses issued by the agency.
 Investors may remain bullish on Sirius because they have faith Malone will return capital to shareholders after he takes control, Vijay Jayant, an analyst at ISI Group in New York, said in a note to clients.
 Data for New Jersey and the District of Columbia were estimated because those offices were closed due to Hurricane Sandy , a spokesman said.
 “From today’s data, we’re getting a little bit of a selloff because the news was a little better than expected,” William Larkin, a fixed-income money manager who helps oversee $500 million at Cabot Money Management Inc.
 Going into this nonfarm number it’s better to be neutral to short, because economic data has been moderate to improving, and it’s likely that that’s going to surface in the unemployment data.
 No Assurances “In our opinion, Eletrobras, ISA Cteep, Cesp, Cemig and Copel continue to be names to be avoided in the short term, simply because no one can assure that we have reached the bottom,” Itau’s Severine and Coelho said in their report.
 Takeover Panel, said the people, who asked not to be named because the negotiations are private.
25 percent floor, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “We got out -- and all too quickly, because most of us left Visa cards, passports, money in the safe,” said Rippon, who said he also left his arthritis medication behind.
 It’s the most appalling state we’ve found ourselves in because we evacuated so quickly.
3 percent, because the government needs to increase the volume of subsidy fuel, he said.
 Even as Forstall oversaw the group responsible for the software that would run the iPhone, he didn’t participate in the meetings, according to people with knowledge of the matter who requested anonymity because the meetings were private.
 “A design manager would not try to exert his influence too much, because they know the goodness that comes out of collaboration.
 The revenue is a key indicator of a retailer’s growth because new and closed sites are excluded.
 The storm’s effects on retailers won’t be significant because most of its damage occurred on a Monday and a Tuesday instead of the weekend, and it was well before Black Friday and the start of holiday shopping, Jennifer Davis , an analyst with Lazard Capital Markets in New York, said in a telephone interview before the report.
 Elizabeth Butler argued that the accounts should be considered joint marital property under New York law because a portion of the funds came from her earnings as an executive assistant and rent from a jointly-owned apartment in Florida , according to court filings.
html Gasoline was little changed, reversing earlier gains, on speculation flooding and power outages after Hurricane Sandy struck the East Coast will reduce demand because people are unable to drive or unable to find service stations with adequate fuel.
 4 meeting in Mexico of finance officials from the world’s biggest economies, the German official told reporters in Berlin on condition of anonymity because the G-20 negotiations are private.
 Some Indians are choosing SUVs over sedans and hatchbacks as family vehicles because their higher ground clearance allows for use on pot-holed roads both in the city and rural areas.
 Edoma manages about $850 million today, according to a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be identified because the firm is private.
 “I said to myself, we have to get this hotel if there is ever a chance, because this will become a money-printing machine if North Korea opens up.
 Honda urged dealers to clear stock of Civic compacts because the car is being refreshed late this year after criticism by reviewers including Consumer Reports .
 4-5 meeting of Group of 20 officials will discuss Europe ’s plans for banking union and the 28 system-relevant banks, the German official told reporters in Berlin today on condition of anonymity because the G-20 negotiations are ongoing and private.
 Carbon tracks gas because utilities burning dirtier coal need about double the allowances for each unit of power produced.
 Washington has its empiricists and its data-hounds, but most who enter public service do so because they want to apply that data to a grand purpose.
 They like their data, but they’re in politics because they care about ideology, or a party, or at least a particular issue.
 When Obama chose to push health-care reform in 2009, for instance, he did so in large part because key members of Congress also wanted to push it.
 Members of the delegation described their findings on the condition of anonymity because their meetings and report are confidential.
 Fields was the first to put up a red light because a balky tailgate latch had halted production of the Edge sport-utility vehicle in late 2006.
 13 that Mexico’s bonds are “attractive” because they offer higher yields than U.
 and European debt and because the Latin American nation has lower debt levels.
 Carlos Fritsch, a strategist and president of Prognosis Economia Finanzas e Inversiones in Mexico City, says equities are the best pick next year even after accounting for risk because stocks are more economically sensitive and will provide outsized returns as growth accelerates.
 The committee also pushed the date back to late 2014 for keeping rates near zero because the economy was weakening.
 Policy makers at the December meeting deemed that using Evans’s threshold for forward guidance is “superior” and “more transparent” than a calendar date because it would signal how the committee would alter policy in line with changes in the economy, Bernanke said.
 “What Charlie would say is, ‘There’s risks of doing nothing and there’s risks of doing this, and it’s worth taking a little extra chance because in the end we have this dual mandate,”’ Eichenbaum said, referring to the Fed’s obligation to ensure price stability and full employment.
 All of this is important because as people gain experience and familiarity with additive manufacturing, their imaginations will be fired and we'll see a surge of further innovation, not only at the consumer DIY level but in industrial applications as well.
 Paid Extra The seller, who was convicted for his role in Jitka Vesel’s death, admitted at his sentencing that Smirnov had paid him extra because he lived out of state, couldn’t buy it legally, and users of Armslist.
 Armslist says on its website that it was created by “gun owning and gun loving Americans” because other Internet market places shun firearms.
 Mursi, who assumed the powers because the lower house had been disbanded earlier in the year by court order, has appointed 90 new members to the upper legislative chamber.
” The spread arises because lenders package home loans into bonds and sell them to investors, giving them fresh cash to make more loans.
 Next year, home-loan volumes are projected by Mortgage Bankers Association to decline 23 percent because a lot of the refinancing activity has already occurred, potentially providing lenders with more resources and reason to compete in ways that would narrow the gap in yields between mortgage-backed securities and home loans.
 4, asking not to be identified because the terms are private.
 Perdaman sued Lanco, India ’s second-biggest non-state power utility, and Griffin, seeking the damages because it said the termination prevented it from getting financing for the construction of a urea plant in Western Australia .
6 million, and says he’s losing C$7,000 a month because the unit he rents out is occupied on average about a quarter of the time.
” “The hold at number one for ’The Hobbit’ is pretty good because it has a large built-in audience that came out upfront on opening day,” Gitesh Pandya, editor of industry website Boxofficeguru.
 Loss aversion helps to entrench existing programs, making them seem like entitlements, simply because they establish the reference point against which losses and gains are measured.
 That question has the important advantage of ensuring that if we keep it, we do so because it is a good idea -- and not just because of the intense desires of those who resist losses from the status quo.
 Samruk-Kazyna, as the wealth fund is known, hasn’t decided on bidding for the remaining shares that Glencore doesn’t hold, the people said, without giving price guidance and asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “We’re very excited because it certainly brings more transparency to the market, it brings more depth.
 “I don’t think that the halt to crude exports is due to technical faults or problems because it is a total halt,” he said without wishing to specify the reason for the stoppage.
 “The partners in that project were stalling because they were having a hard time securing long-term, oil-linked price customers.
 “In any case, there will be continuity because the people on Oct.
 “Still, we have to be cautious because the risk surrounding the negotiations and share price remains.
 Boehner, an Ohio Republican , declared Obama’s last offer unacceptable because it lacked enough spending cuts and then tried to advance his own plan through the House.
 Russia originally charged two prison doctors with negligence over the lawyer’s death in a Moscow prison and later dropped the charges against one of them because the statute of limitations had run out.
 “The rupee has gained probably because some exporters sold dollars,” said Vikas Babu, a currency trader at state-owned Andhra Bank (ANDB) in Mumbai.
 “I am leaving because you consider success, creativity, talent, anything different are grounds for sanction,” the movie star, known for such classic French roles as Cyrano de Bergerac and the musketeer Porthos, wrote in correspondence to Ayrault published in Le Journal du Dimanche.
 Iran’s release from that vise is worrying to Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations because they believe their Persian neighbor represents a hegemonic state that is attempting to implement aggressively interventionist and potentially expansionist policies.
 Dammam Shutdown Saudi Aramco shut in the entire Dammam field, including Dammam Well 7, in the early 1980s because oil demand dropped in the first two years following the Iranian Revolution in 1979 from 10 million barrels a day to as low as 3 million barrels a day, Husseini said.
 “These are ghosts because Brazil is more mature.
 “We’re in a relatively low- inflation environment where commodity prices have come down because the global economy is cooling.
 Sales may peak at about 750,000 units a year, because not all offenders will use them and a deterrent effect eventually may cause drunk driving to decline, Kelly and Roth said.
 “It’s something I’ve got to work on because my turnovers are sky high,” Lin said.
 tomorrow while he’s in London, said a person with knowledge of the meeting who declined to be identified because the discussion was private.
 Murdoch began digging through his employees’ pasts after the 168-year-old News of the World was shut down in July because journalists hacked into the phone voice mail of politicians, celebrities and murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler .
 Some of the Sun staff briefly considered a walkout, though that plan has been abandoned because people are concerned about keeping their jobs, one of the people said.
 “I’ve been telling clients 2012, still think of it as a transition year for the new GM to get totally up to speed, because they still have holes in their product lineup, most notably full-size pickups.
 Pension expense in 2012 will be “unfavorable” because GM is lowering its expectation for returns to 6.
 Through the publishing program, due to begin in March, other game developers will be able to advertise their wares in Zynga games and on a separate Web portal, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan has not been made public.
 Osborne and officials at the Treasury in London will begin the search for King’s successor after March, with the aim of making an announcement later this year, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the process is still at an early stage.
 “It’s an important win because Porto are a top side,” City manager Roberto Mancini said on the Europa League website.
 Energy companies have lobbied the CFTC that they shouldn’t be designated as dealers because they use derivatives to hedge risks rather than to facilitate trading.
 Milder Housing Bust The Washington metropolitan area had a milder housing bust than battered states such as Florida, California, Nevada and Arizona because there was less overbuilding and fewer job losses around the capital.
 “Three or four years ago, there were ‘for sale’ signs all over here, because people were losing their homes.
 “We have avoided this discussion because some people in the market like that discussion and look for an opportunity to attack a country.
 Some are shutting down because the companies that own them are going bankrupt, while other corporations are moving inland.
 The movement of low-tech manufacturing out of the province will also result in greater social cohesion, some argue, because the region's rural areas will endeavor to close income, development, and education gaps.
 Renault SA (RNO) said it may also borrow from the ECB’s longer- term refinancing operation, which is open to financing units of Europe ’s biggest auto companies because they have banking licenses.
 UBS has also suspended a number of employees including Yvan Ducrot, co-head of rates, and Holger Seger, global head of short-term interest rates trading, as part of an investigation of its rate submissions, said a person briefed on the matter who declined to be identified because the decision is private.
 The ECB is swapping the bonds at their nominal value, generating a profit because they were purchased at a discount.
 It is “very difficult” to have an optimistic view on China because the housing price drop will afflict banks and the European debt crisis undermines its exports, said Lisa Emsbo- Mattingly, the director of research in the global asset allocation division of Fidelity Asset Management.
html Farmland sales in Texas near the border with Mexico have slowed because buyers may fear violence from drug traffickers, leaving some fields idle, Texas Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples said.
 The suspensions may be short-lived because the average spot price for the most expensive ingredient in making solar panels rose 9 percent since mid-December from a decade low.
 The decline in the price of the raw material has been steeper than the 47 percent decrease for panels last year because polysilicon plants have higher operating costs, particularly for electricity.
 The agreements between the buyer, known as Unipec, and NIOC were scheduled to be agreed on last year, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Doctors used the medicine because it worked,” J&J attorney Jeffrey Peck told jurors yesterday in his closing argument.
 The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because intelligence on the matter is classified, said yesterday there is some evidence that the group’s Iraqi affiliate was responsible for recent bombings in Damascus, the Syrian capital, and Aleppo, the nation’s largest city.
 The agency decided to publish voluntary guidelines rather than a compulsory rule in part because change may get done more quickly, LaHood said.
 They declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Finance ministers wrangled over how to close the funding hole in a teleconference last night after seeing estimates that Greece’s debt would fall to 129 percent of gross domestic product in 2020, missing a target of 120 percent, said the people, who declined to be named because the talks are still in progress.
 Bigger Writedown “We don’t rule out a bigger PSI, but we clearly belong to a small minority on that point because the PSI that has been taken is a enormously big step,” Dutch Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager told parliament in The Hague today.
 Telekom was offering its mobile retail price plan at “unfair sales prices, because the incremental revenue from this price plan was lower than the incremental costs incurred by the company, which caused the possibility of pushing competitors out of the market,” the Ljubljana-based company said in a statement to the city stock exchange today.
 The miner may have to import as much as 30 million metric tons of coal in the year starting April 1 because its output will fall short of demand, said K.
 He failed in his mission only because the weapon failed, she said.
 The central bank is swapping the bonds at their nominal value, generating a profit because they were purchased at a discount.
 “Fragrances from celebrities are usually very competitive because the first couple of years are very big,” Andrier said in an interview.
 Cases filed solely as derivative suits were excluded from the study because awards in those cases go to the companies, not directly to shareholders.
 “Sometimes you file quickly because it is a very quickly moving deal,” she said.
 The Chancery Court is the country’s leader in securities lawsuits, largely because Delaware is the favorite place for companies to incorporate.
 Schools solicit troops partly because their government-tuition programs are excluded from that cap.
7 percent, beating dividend yields offered by open-end mutual funds, stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and bonds , in part because they can use debt to boost returns for investors.
” Investors like bond closed-end funds because they tend to have less risk than equity funds and their payouts are less likely to include returns of capital, said John Cole Scott, portfolio manager of Richmond, Virginia-based Closed-End Fund Advisors, an investment advisory firm registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission that oversees $70 million in assets.
 Distribution rates for equity closed-end funds are higher because they tend to reflect return of capital, he said.
 Although the practice has gotten a “bad rap” because it can reduce the net assets of the fund, the return of capital can be good for investors in some instances, such as when the funds distribute capital from unrealized gains, she said.
 Closed-end funds are able to maintain stable levels of payouts better than regular mutual funds because they have fixed pools of capital since investors can only buy or sell shares on the secondary market rather than from the fund itself, said Alan Goodson, head of product U.
4 percent last year, to slow because unemployment is still high.
 I suspect it’s because lawmakers are more interested in creating and saving jobs, especially their own, than in hearing some economic theory about how things will play out in the long run.
 and Tesco Bank have “real challenges to being successful” because customers rarely switch banks and have little information on fees.
 Mezzanine debt, the layer of funding between common equity and bank loans, tends to yield more than comparable securities because it ranks behind other obligations in the event of default.
 The investments may be attractive to insurers because the funds are more liquid than other alternatives to bonds, such as private-equity and real estate, said Daniel Celeghin, a partner at Casey Quirk & Associates LLC in Darien, Connecticut, which advises asset-management firms.
 “From my experience, because we work on a beauty, exterior level, people are looking for something meaningful on the inside.
 The firm seeks to raise $10 billion for Carlyle Partners VI, said the people, who asked not to identified because the Washington-based company is private.
 “It is seen that the large banks are controlling the Australian monetary system because regardless of what the Reserve Bank does, banks are determining the home loan rate.
 The Taliban movement has in the past said that it won’t talk to Karzai because it regards him as a puppet of the U.
 The Icelandic banks will back an offer from Walker for the company he founded in 1970, according to the people, who declined to be named because the matter is private.
html Russia’s economy will remain “dynamic” in the first half before losing steam in the final six months because the central bank will try to curb lending, Standard & Poor’s said.
 Court of Appeals in Washington to block the license awarded last week because regulators failed to fully consider the disaster at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant in Japan last year.
 The loan, due in five years, will pay 4 percentage points more than the London interbank offered rate, said the person, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 “That may matter a lot to these entities, particularly the publicly traded ones because it might affect their ability to effectuate transactions,” Cordray said.
 The former chairman has said the bank is pursuing the case because he was part of the democratic opposition to Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who has ruled the country for more than two decades.
 A: There's no water usage, no need for fuel, no emissions and you can put them in all kinds of places because they're modular.
 Obama spoke with Van Hollen about the pension requirement, according to a Democratic aide with knowledge of the conversation who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private.
 More information is needed because the benefit demonstrated by clinical trials is small and the results may have been biased, the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence said in a statement today.
 A panel headed by the country’s oil and gas regulator recognized the R1 deposit as being commercially viable at a meeting held two weeks ago, the people said, asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 “It’s possible that because Jeremy Lin is not as polarizing as Tim Tebow that will help, along with people wanting to join in Linsanity more broadly,” Zimmer said.
 ‘First Leg’ Palacios, who published research in December on student debt and housing, says first-time buyers are key to a housing recovery because they enable current owners to move into larger, pricier homes.
” The central bank’s maneuvering room is “limited” and “monetary easing may pose financial stability risks” because it may lead to the weakening of the forint, boosting the level of debt, of which 65 percent is denominated in foreign currencies, Simor said today at a conference in Budapest.
 And sometimes that gets people discouraged because people, they like the poetry.
 Without further measures to close the funding gap, Greece’s debt would fall to 129 percent of gross domestic product in 2020, missing a target of 120 percent, said three people familiar with the talks who declined to be named because they are still in progress.
 “People who used to go out on the water won’t anymore because they are sick and tired of getting beat to death by the damn things.
 Asian carp have received more attention than usual because their presence immediately drives off business.
 Juice Samples Reports of arsenic in rice are misleading because the chemical is ubiquitous and found in air, soil, water and foods, the USA Rice Federation, an industry group in Arlington, Virginia , said in a statement.
 The price CME Group offered wasn’t disclosed, said the person, who declined to be identified because negotiations are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
50 a metric ton above Middle East prices, down from $27 a ton last week, the people said, asking not to be identified because the terms are private.
 Adhuze is concerned because farmers need the insecticide immediately.
 Falling prices can inhibit an economy’s expansion by discouraging purchases -- because the consumer knows products will be cheaper tomorrow -- and making debts harder to repay.
 Olsen said lowering the spending limit to 3 percent also makes sense because the expected real return for the fund is lower than the 4 percent estimated when the rule was created.
 The coalition, which includes Partnership Africa Canada, won’t be allowed into the area because it boycotted a Kimberley Process meeting in the Democratic Republic of Congo last year, state-owned ZBC said .
 The latest fuel-price boost may do little to lift output in the short term because supplies are ample, according to JBC Energy GmbH, a Vienna-based consultant.
 “The loss of supply is definitely a big thing here but it’s a very strange thing because you have people buying this market and bidding the price up at a time when demand is absolutely horrific,” Beutel said.
 Most Americans who own stock don’t benefit from the lower rate because they own their stock through retirement plans .
 The tool is too crude, though, to provide true fairness, because the same advantage given to property held for 18 years is given to property held for only 18 months.
 Moreover, if property is held until death, then no capital-gains taxes are ever paid, because the tax code treats heirs as if they had purchased the inherited property for its fair market value.
 “To suggest that this bill should move directly to the Senate floor because it has been around since 2009 is outrageous,” he said.
 Fuel expenses jumped 56 percent to 793 million kroner in the quarter, in part because Norwegian offered more flights.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 Unemployment can’t be easily influenced by the Fed because it is influenced by structural issues, such as a mismatch of job applicants and skills, he said.
 “The worst has passed, but the economic recovery may not be that fast because it will take time for the government spending to kick in,” said Santitarn Sathirathai, a Singapore- based economist at Credit Suisse Group AG.
 14 it won’t let the company begin service because it interferes with GPS navigation of cars, boats, planes and tractors.
, a New York-based investment bank, and other advisers to help study alternatives, said the person, who asked not to be named because the company is private.
 “We have moved for a protective order because a chief executive officer of a major corporation may only be deposed when he or she has unique information that is not available through other means.
 This is because the 328i loses its longtime six-cylinder engine in favor of a more economical four-cylinder.
 The central bank and the government also need to deal with bad debts because non-performing loans at 19.
 “Growth will slow because the world outlook remains weak while a lot of things also need to be done domestically in terms of economic rebalancing,” he said.
 The People’s Bank of China hasn’t set a target for money supply growth this year because it is difficult to forecast what the flow of foreign capital may be like, he said.
 A cut in interest rates is “not very likely” this year because real deposit rates continue to be negative, he said.
 The returns present a “stark contrast” to Romney because the Santorums received virtually no benefit from preferential tax rates on dividends and long-term capital gains , said Anthony Nitti, a tax partner at WithumSmith & Brown in Aspen, Colorado .
 deficit with China in 2009 (the latest year’s trade statistics examined in the report) was almost 26 percent smaller -- $130 billion instead of $175 billion -- because Chinese electronics include numerous components from the U.
 “I’d rather own euro paper because it should have no legal issue with U.
 Even if Argentina is able to pay creditors in Europe , a blocked payment to dollar-bondholders could result in the acceleration of payments for the euro notes because they have a so-called cross-default clause with their dollar counterparts, according to the bond prospectus.
5 percent to 7 percent, because they are a new format with potentially new risks, he said.
 Asked yesterday if he had changed his view because ending deflation was now the top priority, he said: “Yes.
 “Now there’s a wholesale exodus of banks from the market because the risks of non-compliance are very clear.
 ‘Fallen Angels’ Zinser said he avoids companies that are partly owned by the state and he won’t buy shares such as PSA Peugeot (UG) Citroen just because they are inexpensive.
 For just a one- or two-hour job, I would spend one-a-half days because I would go there and come back only the next day.
 “Suspicion arises -- and it’s plain to see -- because Russian investment in Cyprus is so high and at the same time Cypriot investment in Russia is high,” Schaeuble said today on Germany ’s ARD television 2+Leif program.
” “We will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully -- not because we are naïve about the dangers we face, but because engagement can more durably lift suspicion and fear,” Obama said.
 Ordinary Americans suffered far more because we had a crisis, not because bailouts were among the remedies for ending it.
 People were hurt, that is, because the economy went south, jobs and decent wages disappeared, and the stock market and home values tanked.
 Minimizing the likelihood of bailouts is important, but not because they became a symbol of popular frustration.
 Yields are biased more to the upside because sentiment and confidence is improving.
 “There won’t be much trading today because the U.
 sued Barclays to revoke an interest-rate swap because the product, which resulted in a substantial loss for the Wolverhampton, England-based company, was tied to the benchmark that Guardian argues was set dishonestly.
 The offering by the South Korean telecommunications company will include five- year notes priced at a spread of 53 to 57 basis points more than the yen swap rate, said the person, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 While Kyerematen has secured the African Union’s endorsement, his candidacy may cause an African split because Kenyan Amina Mohamed is one of his rivals.
 Faster Rate PV plants are cheaper than CSP facilities because panel prices have plunged at a faster rate than the fluid-based plants, also known as solar thermal units, Seage said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” He called Cecilia Bartoli a “silly selfish girl, willful and wayward” because she wished to sing -- as per her contract -- accepted variants of two of the arias.
 That could reduce shipping demand because Argentina is 4,600 nautical miles from Nigeria, compared with a 10,700-mile journey to Japan , according to the report.
 Russia’s presence in Davos will be the biggest ever this year because the country holds the rotating presidency of the G-20, Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich told reporters in Moscow today.
 African Bank is applying more stringent criteria to mine and government workers because too much credit is being afforded to employees in those industries without adequate assessments being done on their ability to repay loans, Kirkinis said.
 On Malian television , local interviewees say it is right that France should help Mali in its hour of need, because Malian soldiers of the legendary Tirailleurs Senegalais regiment died for France, including in the two world wars.
 At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because we, the people, have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebears and true to our founding documents.
 He spoke not of himself, of how "a man whose father less than 60 years ago might not have been served in a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath" but of the day when "a little girl born into the bleakest poverty knows that she has the same chance to succeed as anybody else, because she is an American.
 unit, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 This year, after twice being turned away because the course was full, “I decided to call two days before.
 “One has to damp further-reaching expectations because that would completely overburden the ESM,” Schaeuble told reporters after the meeting.
 The actual amount of ESM funds available for direct aid to banks may be less than 100 billion euros because the fund needs to fulfill its main mission of lending to governments that lose market access , said Nicolas Veron, senior economist at the Brussels-based Bruegel research group.
 Direct Recapitalizations “You can’t say only because we have an agreement on a single supervisor, the way is clear for direct recapitalizations,” Fekter said going into the meeting.
 “It’s hard to see the peso going through 470 or 469 because few players are prepared to take those positions overnight.
 “Richemont has been more affected than Swatch by the slowdown because it has higher exposure to the high-end segment,” said Rene Weber, an analyst at Bank Vontobel in Zurich.
 “Banks wouldn’t lend to each other because they are afraid of volatilities in liquidity,” said Song Qiuhong, a bond analyst at Foshan Shunde Rural Commercial Bank Co.
 “My speculation, because this is just a trend study, is that it’s better diagnosis and also increased awareness of the disorder by parents,” Darios Getahun, the study author and a research scientists at the Kaiser Permanente Southern California Medical Group in Pasadena, California, said in an interview.
 Setting a new date for implementation is no longer “acute” because banks already comply with the standard, he said.
 “It probably is weakening off because the Bank of Japan and expectations.
 We do have a stronger dollar because the market is pricing in that we may be slightly disappointed from what we see.
 Hundreds of Indonesian companies, including more than a dozen banks, had became insolvent because they had loaded up on borrowing in dollars.
 The company is offering to pay a margin of 150 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate for the loan, according to two people with direct knowledge of the deal, who asked not to be identified because the terms are private.
 6 deal reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, according to the people, who couldn’t be named because the talks are private.
 Digital coupons, also known as all-or-nothing interest payments because they’re payable only if certain conditions are met, are popular with investors because they can generate higher returns.
 The bank was able to create the notes with high coupons because the correlation between the currency pairs is low, said Christine Lefort, Paris-based global head of foreign-exchange and precious metals research and development.
 ‘Fold Up’ “If we go on like that, this place would fold up because there will be no original citizens left to form the majority,” Lee, 89, said in a speech published in the Straits Times newspaper.
 Haller is staying out of the fight over the assault-weapons ban, which he fears will achieve nothing because it polarizes Congress and excludes so many kinds of guns.
 The tender is for the purchase of 10 cargoes at 30,000 tons each, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Dell hired the boutique investment bank to run a so-called go-shop process should a buyout be formalized, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the process is private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Specific Investments “If you look at this strategy, you aren’t just being careful, you are more definite in your decisions because you are making very specific investments,” said Boris Boehm , a fund manager at Aramea Asset Management in Hamburg, who holds BASF shares.
 I wouldn’t call targeting them conservative because that sounds so unexciting.
 8, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The company offered 246,000 tons to be loaded once a month in lots of 82,000 tons and 75,000 tons to be shipped in lots of 25,000 tons, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Serve Chances “I definitely have never hit that high of a percentage because I take a lot of chances with my serve,” Williams told reporters after reaching her 35th career Grand Slam singles quarterfinal.
 Banks have “had no losses on loans whatsoever and wealth management is starting to move at a nice clip because stock markets have done well,” said Schwartz, who helps oversee C$475 million ($478 million) at Toronto-based Baskin.
 The delay in bringing charges is because authorities needed to get a court ruling first.
 Abhisit is confident he’ll be acquitted in a Thai court because the judiciary is biased against Thaksin, Amsterdam said.
 “There might again be a crisis mode, but there will not be a breakup, because we have seen in Europe sufficient political will to make sure that Europe remains as a unity.
 Dorab Mistry, who has traded the oil for three decades, says prices probably already peaked this year because output will rebound.
 Standard Chartered Plc (STAN) , Emirates NBD PJSC (EMIRATES) , Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC (DIB) and National Bank of Abu Dhabi PJSC have also been hired for the sale of sukuk, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 “This is the right time for expansion because right now real estate is in doldrums around the world,” Abhishek Jain , an analyst at Shah Investor’s Home Ltd.
 agencies were forced to delay delivering training and equipment included in the 2008 Merida Initiative because they lacked staff and funding, the U.
 , AIG’s Hong Kong-based unit, to discuss its IPO, two of the people said, asking not to be identified because the matter is private.
 “We are not the Titanic, but let’s not fool ourselves into thinking we are safe just because we have first-class tickets,” Italian Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti said July 20 at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland.
’s largest mortgage lender, stopped offering home financing that complies with Shariah law because the overseas underwriter withdrew, Emile Abu- Shakra , a spokesman at the bank in London, said in an interview yesterday.
 is going through a very difficult time right now and the environment is much more challenging, hence, our focus is on the Middle East and Malaysia because we think that those markets have better growth prospects,” HSBC Amanah’s Hussain said.
 A unit of Basel, Switzerland-based Syngenta and Unilever, based in London and Rotterdam, challenged the patents as invalid because they cover a biological rather than technical process.
 Failure to do so would lead to “rising prices for farmers and consumers” because fewer companies would control food production, Christoph Then, a patent consultant for Greenpeace, said in the statement.
 “We originally filed an opposition to the ‘broccoli patent’ because we did not believe the requirements of patentability were met,” Syngenta said in an e-mailed statement.
 The government is willing to wait to pay lower yields because borrowing needs have fallen, according to VTB Capital.
 “We have the powers to block any investment from coming into the country because we are internationally affiliated and we have information that their record is bad,” Mbulu said, without giving more detail.
 “It has not failed for reasons of creditworthiness like Greece, but because yields are extremely low and anyone who buys it will probably have to take a loss not far down the road.
 ‘Policy Dispute’ The government argued that the center, dedicated to the “defense and promotion of the religious freedom of Christians,” according to its website, has no standing to sue because no one has suffered an injury.
 “We’re not saying it’s xenophobia, because South Africans were also victims there,” Mariemuthoo said.
 It still matters who presides because his ruling was temporary, as was the decision by the 5th U.
 Presumably held because all we know is what he had as of Dec.
 “The decline in imports was because the additional quota was issued and distributed only in late May and June, so there’s not enough time for imports to come in,” Dong said by phone from Urumqi, Xinjiang province today.
 Such a move “would be inappropriate, not least because takeover regulation must reflect company law, which still varies considerably between member states,” Gordon Langley , chairman of the panel that reviews mergers and acquisitions in the U.
8 billion, approximately $600 million of collateralized swap obligations and three hedge funds with more than $100 million of assets, said the person, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and UBS AG are managing the sale of benchmark notes, said the person, who declined to be identified because the details are private.
 Equities Trading Goldman Sachs’s 36 percent drop in revenue exceeded analysts’ estimates, with equities trading revenue plunging because market volatility surged when the firm was positioned to profit from a decline.
 The figure included a $905 million accounting gain on the company’s stake in ICBC, even though ICBC stock fell during the quarter, because transfer restrictions on the shares expired.
 Still, economists say companies may be unwilling to tap the program because they are sitting on record stockpiles of cash and are hesitant to invest as the global recovery slows.
 Today’s survey showed loan officers believed demand for borrowing fell mainly because companies sought other sources of funding and their fixed investment declined.
 Gold’s 26 percent advance in the past year leaves Portugal holding an increasingly valuable asset, though one the indebted government can’t touch because the law prevents proceeds from going to state coffers.
 “Hitting those targets, given it’s a fairly formulaic business in many respects, will get pushed out because the performance is market-dependent,” Porat said today in an interview.
 “The crisis has given organized crime room to thrive because access to credit has become more difficult,” said Anna Maria Tarantola , the central bank’s deputy general director, in a July 12 interview in her Rome office.
 “REITs and private-equity firms would have a lot of interest in a company like Spirit because their tenant quality makes cash flows predictable in an uncertain market,” said Ben Thypin , an analyst at Real Capital Analytics Inc.
 “Their FDIC-assisted acquisitions have been a nice strategy because there is favorable accounting and they bought them early in the cycle,” Anton Schutz , president of Mendon Capital Advisors in Rochester, New York, said yesterday.
 “They posted losses because they sacrificed capacity during the quarter for process migration, with higher R&D expenses to also support the move to the new technology,” Andy Hsu, who rates both companies “buy” at Fubon Financial Holding Co.
 Inotera’s lower output will cut Nanya’s shipment growth, measured in bits, to 35 percent this year from a January forecast of 45 percent because it gets 60 percent of its supply from Inotera, Pai said today.
 “Hitting those targets, given it’s a fairly formulaic business in many respects, will get pushed out because the performance is market-dependent,” Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said today in an interview.
5 percent, in part because the Canadian dollar weakened against the U.
 The retailer plans to keep that mix constant because there still is an excess of dealers selling U.
 Jay Goffman , a lawyer for equity holders, argued that there is more value for shareholders than allowed under Chemtura’s plan because the economy has improved since Chemtura filed for bankruptcy.
 Department of Agriculture have worsened over the past five weeks because parts of the Midwest received record rain in June, said Gail Martell , the president of MartellCropProjections.
 Investors should avoid using credit default swaps to cash in on expected losses because the contracts have underperformed other emerging markets, according to Barclays.
 “They all realize what’s at stake because the interest- rate-swap market is the largest over-the-counter market,” said Rich Repetto , an analyst at Sandler O’Neill & Partners, referring to LCH.
 Clearinghouses, which are capitalized by their members, increase stability in over-the-counter derivatives markets because they lessen the effect of a default by sharing the risk among the membership and use daily margining procedures to keep accounts current.
 Concerns “One of our biggest challenges is that some might still perceive that the L in LCH represents just London” because the company clears interest-rate swaps and other products as a global business, McGuire said.
 “Bond yields dropped mainly because the yield at the auction today was much lower than that on the secondary market,” said Chen Jianbo , a Beijing-based bond analyst at BOC International (China) Ltd.
 “That’s because they would have the leverage to get them.
 “I don’t believe this will reflect a broadside decision to require concessions, because if that occurred, the SEC might not be able to settle a large percentage of the cases it brings,” he said.
 Companies and individuals that forge settlements with the SEC benefit from not having to admit wrongdoing, because it can limit their legal exposure, said Michael Piazza , a former SEC lawyer.
 Two Investors Goldman Sachs’s risk of being sued in private litigation may be limited, because the SEC complaint only listed two investors who lost money on the Abacus transaction.
 ’s Dalian oil refinery, the company’s biggest, is operating at a normal rate even as an oil spill closed nearby berths, because the plant relies on its own docks to ensure steady crude supplies and fuel shipments.
 “I said that to him just because I did not want him to sever relationships with me completely,” Kadir testified today.
 ’s Sikorsky unit and refurbishing 70 Saudi F-15s, said the official, who asked not to be identified because terms are still under discussion.
 All four defendants sued Lloyd’s in November, after the underwriters denied their claims because former Chief Financial Officer James M.
 L’Oreal is aware of the complaint and can’t comment further because its content is unknown, spokeswoman Guylaine Mercier said.
 “The share is up because the announcement of semiannual dividends is positive,” Dag Sletmo , an analyst at ABG Sundal Collier Holding ASA in Oslo, said in an e-mail today.
 “The bond purchases help the peso because you have to convert dollars into pesos, so as yields move lower with foreigners buying bonds, the peso strengthens.
 “It has not failed for reasons of creditworthiness like Greece, but because yields are extremely low, and anyone who buys it will probably have to take a loss not far down the road.
 agencies were forced to delay delivering training and equipment included in the Merida Initiative because they lacked staff and funding, the U.
 The current slowdown, while unlikely to result in a renewed downturn, will seem worse because the rebound has been weak.
 He “emphatically” does not believe the world’s largest economy will “double-dip” because gains in business investment on equipment and software will be enough to avoid a renewed recession.
 Higher Costs The “high dollar price” is keeping the bond’s yield above that of similar-maturity securities because some investors prefer to own debt that was issued at lower interest rates and that trade closer to par value, Valle said.
 The 2040 bond is “being repurchased and will continue in this program because it has a high dollar price,” said Valle, 46.
 A Fairfield Greenwich spokesman, Thomas Mulligan, reading from a company statement, said the decision to expand the lawsuit was “incomprehensible” because the company is involved in good-faith negotiations with Picard.
 gain market share because they face fewer training requirements and costs, said William Emerson , chief executive officer of Quicken Loans Inc.
 “In actuality, they usually left because their bad loans were about to start blowing up and, if they stayed, they’d be discovered.
html The Hungarian government’s plan to cut taxes may hurt the country’s primary budget balance from 2011 because there are no measures to offset the decline in revenue, the Fiscal Council said.
 Extending a planned bank tax wouldn’t make up for the shortfall because it would also affect revenue from corporate income taxes, according to the council, which oversees budget planning and execution.
 “The rupee is showing some recovery because capital inflows have remained consistently positive, helped by India’s better economic fundamentals,” said Roy Paul , deputy general manager at Federal Bank Ltd.
 “We have a lot of work ahead of us because the union asked us to start from scratch on a new financial model,” Gilles Corriveau, a spokesman for the employers’ association, said today in a telephone interview.
 Paper maker Cascades may delay a C$20 million investment at one of its Quebec plants because some of the parts for machines are stuck inside a container at the port, spokesman Hubert Bolduc said.
 convicted of selling access to his brokerages’ internal “squawk boxes” lost a bid to have a judge throw out his conviction and those of others because prosecutors hid evidence of their innocence.
 6, one of the people said, declining to be identified because the details are private.
 Similar lawsuits by other investors have been dismissed by judges before reaching discovery because bondholders failed to offer enough evidence of inaccurate information.
 For loans deemed Alt-A because they fell between prime and subprime in terms of expected defaults, the figure totals almost 29 percent.
 Green Dot has an advantage among equity investors because most of its direct competitors are privately held, according to Francis Gaskins , president of IPOdesktop.
 “The BOE is in a more difficult position, in the sense that it has to face a dilemma because inflation remains high.
, the people said, declining to be identified because the discussions are confidential.
 “They were selected because they were the kinds of elder statesmen that would do a great job in reporting out the cause of what happened here and making recommendations,” Salazar said at yesterday’s hearing.
 “Operators are supporting us a lot because they want BlackBerry 10 to be an alternative to Samsung and Apple,” Heins said in an interview with the newspaper during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last week.
” Ashvin Chotai, managing director of Intelligence Automotive Asia in London , said Hogan’s recruitment to the board is the most interesting personnel change this year because Toyota is signaling the company will become more global in its board decision-making.
 “One scenario is that emerging markets will wobble along with developed markets because there are so many headwinds and challenges,” Ulgen said.
 He points out that the financial cycle is longer (12 years on average) than the business cycle (one to eight years) largely because governments, after a short crisis-management stage, fail to deal directly with the impaired balance sheets of financial institutions, businesses and households.
 QE causes the amount of reserves in the banking system to swell, taking up room on bank balance sheets because the cash counts as an asset.
 The shift to mobile also has disadvantages because ads shown to handheld device users command lower prices than those appearing on personal computers.
 But trading floors eschew all that privacy because knowledge trumps space.
 Similarly, the Bloom study of the Chinese call-center workers also found that stay-at-home workers were less likely to be promoted, holding productivity constant, perhaps because they were less likely to acquire the knowledge that comes from being in the office.
 These leaps are easier in a dense, diverse metropolis, because there are many sources of insight and inspiration.
 The track was removed because Lithuanian railroad inspectors said its poor condition could cause an accident, Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Butkevicius told reporters today in Vilnius, according to a report by Baltic News Service.
 (992) , said people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Before opting for the special-dividend request, Icahn considered buying a portion of Dell’s shares for about $15 apiece, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the discussions were private.
 1 thing we would like to see because it would show some confidence in the future,” Cole said in a phone interview.
 Philadelphia Fed Bank President Charles Plosser said today the central bank should slow the pace of its bond buying because the potential costs from more stimulus outweigh the benefits.
 Brazil “has pretty consistent supply” because it has been able to minimize production changes from one year to the next in its two-year coffee cycle, Galindo, former head of agricultural commodities research at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 The White House asked that the dinner be held at the Jefferson, not at the White House, because it would be deemed neutral territory, said a White House official who asked for anonymity to describe private discussions.
 For example, when the Yankees and the Los Angeles Angels play, Fox Sports can air the game nationally, because both teams are carried on its regional channels, Pilson said.
 NFL teams ask these questions because they can.
 “The sector is attracting investors because of potential for growth and also because it offers protection against a slowing economy.
” Investors remain bullish because more families are seeing education as an opportunity to get better jobs, said Jorge Simino, chief investment officer at pension fund Funcesp.
 reaction “has to be nuanced, because if it comes off as too much advocating a certain direction in Venezuela, that could backfire,” Farnsworth said.
html Thomas Fitzpatrick, a trader of emerging-market corporate debt at HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA) , has left the bank, according to two people familiar with the departure who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
” Still, striking private-equity deals remains a challenge in some of the Southeast Asian countries including Vietnam , Thailand and the Philippines because they are still fragmented, Koh said.
 The greenback rallied after the Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser said the central bank should slow the pace of its bond purchases because the potential costs from more stimulus outweigh the benefits.
 ‘Competing Factors’ “They don’t like the risk of comp being decided by bank CEOs, because you have other competing factors, like driving up the stock and paying other parts of the bank,” she said.
 “Commitments are really important to the commission because they lubricate the efficiency of its policing of the rules.
 “The IMF is seeing its leverage reduced because countries can fund themselves in the market,” Tim Ash, chief emerging- market economist for Standard Bank Group Ltd.
 The reductions, known as sequestration, are occurring because Congress and the White House failed to agree on a way to reduce the deficit.
 That should provide a good opportunity for the discussion Pethokoukis wants; instead, Republicans are flatly saying 'no,' because the structural reforms are not in fact a high priority for them.
 He has sought to get Republicans to move on immigration in large part because they need to get more support from Hispanics.
12 million in 2012, adding to her pay because the company met its targets for revenue and operating margins.
 (GOOG) to join Yahoo in July, received a prorated bonus for working less than a full year, her compensation was increased because the company topped its expectations, Sara Gorman, a spokeswoman at Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo, said yesterday in an e-mail.
 Bernanke and Vice Chairman Janet Yellen have argued in congressional testimony and speeches that even if remittances go to zero, it won’t negatively affect monetary policy or the fiscal stance of the Treasury for two reasons: because remittances have been so high recently, and because the asset purchases themselves have improved the economy.
 “The returns are robust because Traffic has an operating team with a proven methodology to buy the right players and connections with football teams across the world to sell them at the highest price,” says Magellan Makhlouf, managing director at CedarBridge.
 Sporting also suffered from a 25 percent decline in ticket sales from 2008 through 2012 because consumers in Portugal had less money to spend.
 The revenue cushion relies on temporary tax hikes and is insufficient to reduce the deficit in rupee terms because expenditures are almost 50 percent larger than revenues, Henderson wrote.
 Hogan’s recruitment is the most interesting personnel change this year because Toyota is signaling the company will become more global in its decision making, said Ashvin Chotai , managing director of Intelligence Automotive Asia in London .
 She declined to speak further because the agency is still reviewing public comments.
 While Vanackere said he wasn’t involved in the transaction, he was caught up in the fallout because his political roots are in the Flemish labor organization, known by its initials ACW.
 Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is considering the results of a consultation exercise on plain packaging and hasn’t made a decision yet, according to an official familiar with his thinking, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are continuing.
 Gensler has also discussed other economic or financial jobs in the administration, according to the person, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Saint-Gobain’s penalty was increased because the company was a repeat offender already punished for a separate cartel to fix prices for glass used in the construction industry .
 “I just figure I’ll just keep asking because if they ever change their mind, I’ll be somewhere near the top of the list of people who have asked the longest,” Whan said.
 “Because CBP is reducing, but not absolutely eliminating overtime pay, and because the length of the sequestration is unknown, it is difficult to project the impact of the reductions,” Burke said by e-mail.
 "You don't have all these little antennas because it makes any sense," he said.
 “Importing LNG won’t be a problem for domestic users because prices may fall in the next four years,” Rubiandini said.
 Italy’s largest oil company may sell a 20 percent stake in a gas block to state-controlled CNPC to share the cost of developing the project, the people said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 “Cooking wild game is a real art because when you put it in your mouth and eat it you want to be able to chew it and taste it and savor it, so some of the gaminess has to be cooked out.
 “Employers don’t need to be in a particular hurry to hire workers because many opportunities are coming along,” Davis said in an interview today.
, was among more than two dozen people who lost their jobs, including five last week, according to a person with direct knowledge of the cuts who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 It’s hard to know what the NDRC are trying to achieve with this because markets work as markets work.
 “I sold the channel and the issue is still continuing because there is targeting.
 (PG) , to an AAA-rated bond because its results are so predictable.
 He also gauges investor sentiment toward the business, an admittedly subjective exercise, because he prefers to be contrarian.
 This is partly because imports collapsed in line with domestic demand, but it is also due to growing exports.
 This could be because unlike elsewhere in Europe , the Portuguese never experienced a spike in wealth as they binged on cheap credit in the years before the recession, so they don’t now have to lower their expectations as sharply.
 He has said Wynn wanted him out because he opposed the university gift.
” Sinclair, she says, dropped her husband because she feared for her standing in society, not because of his extramarital affairs.
 Liu, a Democrat who plans to run for mayor this year, declined to comment on the police pension’s decision because it was made in a part of a meeting closed to the public, Osetek said.
” The Ukrainian government is urging banks to increase lending after the economy slipped into recession last year because demand for its exports such as steel weakened on world markets.
 That’s hurt insurers because they rely on fixed-income securities to back policyholder liabilities and coupon payments to boost profit.
 The company may begin a sale process as early as next week, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 If you've made time for social media, it's probably because you actually enjoy it.
 Indeed, that empty space may be what's most precious, because it's the margin that ensures that when the next must-do activity appears on the horizon, you don't go ten years without noticing you need to take something else off your plate.
 A case filed by California isn't being moved because it's related to a private lawuit seeking overlapping relief that is already being litigated in state court, according to the filing in Delaware.
 Directors expect to hire an executive-recruiting firm in the next two weeks and aim to find a new CEO within three to six months, said the one of the people, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 31 deadline because it has not received geological data from PDVSA, a person directly involved in the deal said this year, asking not to be identified citing confidentiality terms.
 “Just because I had a bad day on the golf course and Caroline loses a match in Malaysia , it doesn’t mean we’re breaking up,” he said.
 “I started playing this game because I love it,” he said.
 Johnson will report to Graeme Delaney-Smith, head of European direct lending and mezzanine investments for the London-based money manager, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is not yet public.
 (ZIM) because all natural resources belong to the state.
 “A major attack on a Libyan oil installation would have severe consequences, not just because the country depends so much on oil exports, but because it would pull the rug out from foreign business confidence,” Duncan Bullivant, chief executive officer of Henderson Risk , a British security consultancy working in North Africa , said.
 1 by wounded war veterans demonstrating outside the gates claiming non-payment of pensions, though the security men took no action to clear the road because they sympathized with protesters, Security Coordinator Mahmoud Mohammed Ali said.
 Verizon is eager to take over the unit this year, giving the New York-based company greater control over its most profitable division, said the people, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 Longstanding Interest “People have been very skeptical about Vodafone, not only because of the weak general telecoms market but also because this process has been so drawn out,” said Peter Braendle, a fund manager at Swisscanto Asset Management in Zurich who owns Vodafone shares.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “We are very excited because if we can sell more jewelry items, whether diamond, pearls or precious stones, it’s better for us,” the executive said March 5 at an event to promote Chinese fashion, art, dance and photography during Paris fashion week.
 The government is in an “uncomfortable position” because it backs about 90 percent of new mortgages, FHFA’s DeMarco said in a speech this week.
 Some Hesitation “It dented her credibility because people viewed the shift as unnecessary and opportunistic and wondered whether it would all work,” Guellner says.
 DuPont, the industry’s low-cost producer, probably won’t follow competitors’ price announcements because increases would risk sales as the industry sits on 80 to 90 days of inventory, compared with normal levels of 40 to 60 days, Fisher said.
 Riley analyst, said now is the time to invest in TiO2 companies such as Tronox, because a recovery will occur sooner than most expect.
 “It’s dangerous to wait because as the money starts flowing in, the stocks will correct pretty quickly.
 “Hence, we also consider dollar issuance, because there may be some different investors in dollars who complement our existing investor base.
html Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Charles Plosser said the central bank should slow the pace of its bond purchases because the potential costs from more stimulus outweigh the benefits.
5 percent of the American carmaker held by the United Auto Workers’ retiree health-care trust, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “They are expected to announce their earnings soon and we definitely expect a growth in profit because equities have been performing very well,” Faith Atiti, a research analyst at Nairobi-based NIC Securities Ltd.
4 percent of New York-based Morgan Stanley, said one of the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the fundraising is private.
 “If I’m a Latin American leader, I’m very happy because I now have more chips to play with,” said Gallagher, author of the 2010 book “The Dragon in the Room,” about China’s inroads in the region.
 Germany’s overhaul of the VW law continue to violate the bloc’s rules because government veto powers at the company still exist, the European Commission is arguing in a lawsuit at the EU Court of Justice.
 “In addition, because multiple actions by multiple actors are needed, there is a genuine difficulty in ensuring that agreements are stuck to and free riding is avoided,” he said.
 They had argued that the value of their Telegate shares had declined because Deutsche Telekom had overcharged for the data.
, said two people familiar with the situation who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 -- because the unprofitable hog-raising unit hurts returns.
 The measure, known as backloading because it would delay sales of some allowances, has divided governments and industry.
 “We would have been hoping for a better rebound from the mining sector because some of the difficulties from last year have been overcome.
 You need a good reason to keep up the fiction that a movement’s political leaders aren’t connected to its terrorist operations (not even Hezbollah claims they are separate), because there are costs involved in trying to split the difference.
 officials say they are reluctant to condemn Hezbollah as a movement, because it would be destabilizing for Lebanon.
 The cargo for loading in the last week of June was sold at a premium of about $10 to $12 a metric ton to Japan prices, the traders said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 He dissented at a December 2007 Federal Open Market Committee meeting because he favored more accommodative policy.
5 percent since March 2011, is reluctant to lower borrowing costs because that may stoke a housing boom and fan inflation, he said.
 The region won’t recover to levels of growth seen during the previous decade because the commodity boom is over and policy makers failed to reduce their dependence on primary goods when money flowed into their economies, said Michael Shaoul , chairman of Marketfield Asset Management in New York.
 “The expectations of softer production in May because palm trees are having a bit of a breather could lead to lower palm oil stocks.
 objects because it says the Islamic republic provides Assad with weapons and military advisers and supports Hezbollah, which the U.
” “Pull any of the major global vendors out of the question and you have solved nothing, because they all rely on common global supply chains and they are all subject to common global vulnerabilities,” Plummer said.
 The risk of intervention in the infrastructure industry is lower because the government is seeking to encourage investment before hosting the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympic Games , said Coinvalores’s Silveira.
 “The extent of the financial impact was relatively high because the affected sailings were during the premium summer season,” Jason Liberty, the company’s chief financial officer, said in the statement.
86 a metric ton this year, in part because the U.
 “The sense of urgency is because preparations were being made for more banks to be made responsible,” Swiss Finance Minister Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf told reporters in Bern today.
 Higher Ratings Covered bonds typically pay less interest and get higher credit ratings than unsecured debt because they are backed by a pool of mortgages or public sector loans on top of the issuer guarantee.
 Fracking has been a marginal issue for most Europeans until now, because Europe doesn't do much of it.
 (Widrich admitted he only moved out of San Francisco because his engineers couldn't get visas.
) Silicon Valley attracts the bulk of foreign talent because it has the largest stable of venture capital and the world's tech giants.
 OAO Surgutneftegas sold 100,000 metric tons each of Baltic Urals to Total and Shell via a tender, according to two people with knowledge of matter who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “The potential is reduced, because if you look around and see the size of this market, it’s very small indeed,” Constancio said.
 “The lowest effective daily dose should be used” because the risks increase along with the amount taken, she said.
 Rising shipments through these ports -- which account for almost 50 percent of all container imports -- bode well for truckers because the same retailers that are top importers are typically the biggest customers of large trucking companies, he said.
 “We’re still not seeing the upswing that the figure suggests at first glance because investments are still a worry and investment surveys indicate that companies have modest plans through the rest of the year,” said Knut Hallberg, an analyst at Swedbank AB in Stockholm .
 Manufacturers may not be reaping all the benefits of the 28 percent slump in prices since they reached a record two years ago because the financing accords are curbing access to metal.
 It is also the best antidote to work stress and it matters in every job — because all jobs involve dealing with people, and people with higher EQ are more rewarding to deal with .
 Processes, Contingency The SEC penalty was imposed because Nasdaq failed in its obligation to ensure that systems, processes and contingency planning are robust and adequate to manage an IPO without disruption to the market, the agency said.
 “CFIUS has historically been active in the telecom space because there have been so many cross-border acquisitions,” said Nancy McLernon , president of the Organization for International Investment, a Washington-based lobbying group that represents more than 160 companies that invest in the U.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Watanabe because many are housewives, are piling into local assets as unprecedented Bank of Japan monetary easing drives the best equities gains in the developed world.
 The plan sparked lawsuits because El Paso tore down the 10-story municipal hall built in 1978 and approved a new park without a public vote.
 The city skipped a feasibility study and a public vote because Hunt and Foster said any delay might cost El Paso the team, said Bill Studer, deputy city manager.
 They also cautioned against universal use of mupirocin because resistance can develop, making the drug less effective.
 “On the other hand, there is essentially a hidden future earnings there because once interest rates start to normalize, the earnings from that component will go up.
 She once told Luz, the housekeeper, to be careful with her very expensive teal jacket because it cost more than her house .
 official who confirmed the strike asked not to be named because it was a classified operation.
 Bicycle Market China , the world’s biggest bicycle market with production of 83 million in 2011, threatens European producers because the country exports almost 70 percent of its output and has spare capacity of more than 25 million, the EU said.
 The EU is also attractive to Chinese exporters because it is the No.
 The commission argued that the extra deficit-reduction time is justified because the economy has tailed off, and said that it granted the concession only to countries that are making economy-boosting reforms to their health care or pension systems or labor markets.
 Under the terms of its deal, Smithfield has 30 days to continue talks with possible bidders Bangkok-based Charoen Pokphand Foods Pcl (CPF) and Sao Paulo-based JBS SA (JBSS3) , according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
” The deal is unlikely to boost China’s imports of American pork products because China already has overcapacity, Liu said.
 rivals because its farms have seen rising costs for feed ingredients such as corn and soybeans.
 Guriev was targeted for working on an economic ideas for opposition leader Alexey Navalny, according to a government official who asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.
 Would organizations be reluctant to encourage these employees to seek treatment because that hurt their performance and productivity.
 “Immigrants generate a surplus for Medicare primarily because so many of them are working-age adults,” said the researchers led by Leah Zallman , from Harvard Medical School in Boston and the Cambridge Health Alliance.
 “Opac SpA’s shareholders could get a good return of these investments because the company will probably work as a utility with strong cash flow ,” said Andrea Rangone, a professor of business strategy at Politecnico of Milan.
 “We’ve seen a massive selloff in the Canadian dollar just because people are really expecting an end to U.
 Drought-related food-price increases are being mitigated today partly because U.
 “They won’t have much success in bringing back capital because the main problem is the lack of confidence in the government.
 A cut in targeted returns is “especially meaningful” because it shows that the country is entering a low-growth era, which will “inevitably lower profit expectations in stocks and bonds in the long term,” Heo Pil Seok, chief executive officer of Midas International Asset Management Ltd.
 Carbon is also being supported by advancing German power, as well as a lack of supply today because there were no permits being sold at auction, said Mark Owen-Lloyd, a trading director at Clean Energy Group Ltd.
 Leff and his colleagues had difficulty recruiting enough people for the 55,000-pound pilot study because he said other doctors were reluctant to refer patients for an unproven treatment.
 Some patients enjoy their auditory hallucinations, such as a young man Leff didn’t treat in the trial because the voice he heard was of a broadcaster commenting on his favorite soccer team.
 The Wellcome Trust is interested in the research because mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and depression remain a significant health burden, said John Williams , head of neuroscience and mental health at the charity.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “This is because it offers decent returns but is less risky than some other peripheral countries like Italy or Spain.
 His body, still in fishing waders and a camouflage coat, was concealed from aerial searches because it was underneath a pine tree, Lake County Sheriff Robert Hilts said at a televised news conference.
 Not because Obama wanted to attack, but because it seemed absurd and irresponsible that his predecessor had labeled Iran a member of the “axis of evil” without even having a plan to confront such evil, and because Obama, despite allegations to the contrary, takes the threat of a nuclear Iran seriously.
 That decision wasn’t accompanied by much forethought both because the Bush administration was scornful of planning -- the occupation of Iraq stands out as one example -- and because Bush thought the U.
 He was heartened by the reaction to the Boston Marathon bombings , not only because the people of Massachusetts responded so resiliently but also because there was so little pressure placed on him to have the surviving suspect tried by a military tribunal.
 military one day finds itself battling the next-generation Taliban, perhaps because Obama withdrew troops prematurely.
 Transport using refrigerated containers is expected to increase to 212 million tons in 2016 from 172 million tons in 2011 because global population is forecast to increase to 7.
 And it's about time: Over the last five years, I've been frustrated to watch Obama's economic team because less and less, well, economic.
 “We like to go into markets where no one has been before because we get the first mover advantage,” Micky Pant, head of Yum’s international business, said in an interview yesterday at the opening of its first restaurant in the country.
 “Chicken is growing because people are switching from red to white meats, so I feel confident it will grow here in the future,” Pant said.
 SAP Talks SAP, the world’s largest maker of business-management software, held discussions within recent weeks to acquire Jive, according to people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the talks were private.
 Wider Remit A wider government remit will give Carney even more to do at the Bank of England because banking regulation is set by a separate agency in Canada.
 A lawyer for Curtis had told a federal judge during a court hearing that he may have been framed by Dutschke because the men had a long-running feud.
 weaponry could intensify the suffering of civilians in Syria, without toppling Assad, also seems less urgent, because the casualty rate is already soaring.
 “It’s spreading to the smaller markets because yields are pretty thin in the gateway cities.
 Top-quality buildings, called “trophy” assets because buyers compete to own them, charge higher rents and have tenants that can better weather downturns, said Jed Reagan, analyst at Newport Beach, California-based Green Street.
” Loyal Buyers The marketing campaign has added significance because truck owners tend to continue to buy the same brand more so than owners of vehicles in other segments, Diaz said.
 “Paying hundreds of dollars to fill your tank every time you go to the pump is untenable, particularly because it does not appear the price spike and supply disruption are in any way related to supply and demand.
” California is dependent on its own refineries for gasoline because the state is mostly cut off from oil-products pipelines spanning the rest of the country.
 “This is probably going to continue to recur because California has just enough refining capacity to supply its demand, but only if everything is running well,” said John R.
 The halt will last about one month, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Financiere Richemont SA because Redcats and Fnac are less profitable and have weaker growth prospects.
 The GAO said there’s no universally accepted list of such conditions because insurance companies vary in what they accept.
 said losses wouldn’t be “very large” because most investors were expecting Chavez to win.
 “This isn’t the home run that is going to get you a medication by the end of the year, but it is very encouraging because with subsequent studies this could be a viable therapeutic option,” Carrillo said in an interview.
 Creating Jobs “When I’m president of the United States , that unemployment rate is going to come down, not because people are giving up and dropping out of the workforce, but because we’re creating more jobs,” the former Massachusetts governor told voters in Abingdon, Virginia, on Oct 5.
 The company set its premium to Middle East benchmark prices during talks in London last week, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Allen Stanford’s Ponzi scheme because he was friends with a female attorney who represented victims of the fraud, investigators said in the 66-page report.
 “I’m confident because I see you here on a day like this.
 Retail sales are up 20 percent in 2012, “and that’s off quite a high base from last year, because you had the salaries and everything up,” said James Reeve, an economist at Riyadh- based Samba Financial Group .
, Steinwascher insists that a startup can prosper in China because so many potential customers are first-time buyers who have no loyalties to brands.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 and France in sponsoring the deal, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are confidential.
” Enders said last week that he doesn’t want to go much beyond the deadline because he is limited by regulators in what he can tell investors and employees before a more formal merger document is produced.
 Some orders may have received priority in transactions over others because they were mislabeled, the document said.
 “We would like to start with some of the so-called hot companies, for which there is a lot of interest, because we need some good examples in short time.
 Bond Sales Slovenia hasn’t sold any benchmark bonds this year after it scrapped a debt sale in April because borrowing costs for Spain and other peripheral nations surged on concern the debt crisis was spreading.
 The government canceled the sale because it deemed offers unacceptable.
 28 that Libor have a broader group of contributors, while acknowledging that developing an alternative would be too disruptive to borrowers around the world because the rate is so embedded in the financial system.
 likely will be a net importer of wheat this year because wet weather cut grain weights in the domestic crop, meaning millers can extract less flour from every kernel, said Gary Sharkey, head of wheat procurement for Premier Foods Plc (PFD) , the maker of Hovis bread and the country’s largest miller and baker.
 The jobs created in Brazil have helped boost the health- care industry in the past few years because most employers sponsor health plans for employees, said Thomas Chang, an analyst at UM Investimentos brokerage.
 “It’s so expensive because we never conclude anything, they just keep dragging on and on on,” said Kermit Alexander, a former professional football player for the San Francisco 49ers and the Los Angeles Rams whose mother, sister and two nephews were shot to death in south-central Los Angeles during a home invasion by gang members.
 “The appreciation we’ve been seeing in the past month is due to foreign funds flowing in, but not because the economic fundamentals have improved,” said Tarsicio Tong, a currency trader at Union Bank of Taiwan (2838) in Taipei.
S companies allow write-ins for board elections, shareholder nominees never win because management controls most of the proxies.
 District Judge Eldon Fallon should be set aside because the New Orleans-based court has no jurisdiction over a foreign company.
 The economy’s “healing is taking longer than we hoped, because the damage was greater than we feared,” Osborne said in a speech today at the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham, central England .
 “The reason why George Osborne has been forced to talk about billions more cuts into the next Parliament is because his failure to deliver economic growth means he will break his promise to balance the books by 2015.
 Apart from the ethical advantage, induced pluripotent stem cells are less likely to be rejected by a patient’s immune system because the cells are their own, said Konrad Hochedlinger, a researcher in the department of stem cell and regenerative biology at Harvard University .
 “Whether Etihad will join SkyTeam isn’t clear, because they can do well enough adding code-shares and buying stakes here and there, but this is the start of bigger things with Air France,” said Donal O’Neill, an analyst at Goodbody Stockbrokers in Dublin.
 Joining the group would offer a “much better deal” than would alliance entry for Etihad because the Doha-based company has fewer code-shares, he said.
 While the Italian Parliament approved a bill allowing the aid in August, the terms of the new bonds haven’t been defined yet because the rules are under review by the European Commission.
 Analysts are concerned the European regulators may rule that the measure is unfair because it would allow Monte Paschi to give shares to the Italian Treasury at their book value in lieu of interest on the debt if the bank reports an annual loss.
 “I expect a further delay in the implementation of state aid because the law approved by the government cannot meet the EU rules on competition,” said Fabrizio Spagna, managing director at Axia Financial Research in Padua, Italy.
” Home testing may be used by someone who already knows their HIV status, starts a new sexual relationship and uses OraSure to reassure a partner, or who doesn’t want an in-office test because they have confidentiality concerns, they said.
 Republicans have attacked King for leaving Maine with a $1 billion budget shortfall, a charge the former governor refutes because the state constitution requires a balanced budget.
 There’s no legal requirement that Bachmann live in the district she represents, although members of Congress typically do because it can become a political liability otherwise.
 (MS) Moore, which manages $15 billion, cut as many as 15 investment jobs as it restructured one of its equity teams, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Farmers have embraced the technology because it lets them kill weeds while leaving crops unscathed.
 “It’s going to go on beyond the next election because the debts we inherited are very great.
 Even if the Corps had permanently flooded the plaintiff’s property, Kneedler said, there would be no Fifth Amendment taking because people who live on a flood plain are aware of the risks of inundation.
 “The September data won’t matter for our rate decision because it will be the November projection that shows at what rate inflationary pressure will ease,” Zielinska said.
 “Whenever China goes down, German carmakers go down as well because China is one of the most important markets,” said Markus Huber, head of German sales trading at ETX Capital in London.
 It can severely impede learning -- especially because those on the other side are so easy to dismiss.
 That is a public service because on hard questions it is tempting to ask not about the merits, but about the views of your fellow believers -- your party, your church, your group, your team.
 Lawmakers including Jerome Guedj and Pascal Cherki had said they planned to vote against it because the belt tightening threatens to push the country into recession.
 “It’s a time to keep your nerve and wait for the markets to rebound, because they probably will,” said David Sheppard, managing director at Gainsborough, England-based grain exporter Gleadell Agriculture Ltd.
 Even if Russia’s government doesn’t officially limit exports, the country is unlikely to ship much grain after the end of this year because prices are climbing, said Roger Baker, a Geneva, Switzerland-based merchant manager with CHS Inc.
 The extra time would create a “funding gap” of 12 billion euros that wouldn’t cost creditors anything because Greece could, for example, continue higher-than-planned sales of bills to fill the hole, he said.
 Shippers are now using Suezmaxes because they can deliver directly to refineries.
 Smaller Ships Oil companies favor Suezmaxes for the journeys to Europe from the Persian Gulf because they cost about 14 percent less than VLCCs.
 West Africa The oil is going to Asia instead and shippers are favoring VLCCs over Suezmaxes because the additional journey length makes the larger tankers more economical.
 “We first have to be shown some results because what is important is that there was also involvement of the private sector, to private lenders to Greece and they have experienced serious haircuts and losses,” Sustersic said.
5 to 7 times estimated 2013 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization at the high end of the range, the people said, asking not to be identified because the gatherings are private.
 South Korean shipyards are also borrowing more because slumping demand is forcing them to offer more generous payment terms, Choi said.
 We see people choosing them because they find them more appealing.
 The Euro interbank offered rate “at record lows has allowed families where one member has lost their job to hang on to their homes because their mortgage payments have fallen,” he said in an interview in Madrid.
 Acuna estimates that because more than 90 percent of mortgages in Spain are variable, low interest rates have shaved an average of 400 euros a month from mortgage payments since 2009 and that’s helped keep delinquencies low.
 “If a law was approved to let people hand over the keys and walk away, a million mortgages would stop being paid because you could walk away and buy that house 40 percent cheaper the day after,” Banos said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 31 and the end of the smog season because it reduces air quality more than summer gasoline.
 “But there’s no strong momentum for price gains because inventories are growing with new projects coming in.
 “We are looking at balance-sheet risks in each individual company because we are in a capital-constrained world.
 ‘Pro Buyback’ While Yahoo could opt for a one-time dividend or initiate a quarterly payout, long-term investors generally favor a repurchase because it adds value to shares without triggering a tax bill.
 It ended only when Congress forced a licensing agreement because the U.
 “The stock is gaining because the bond will be fully taken up.
 “He was the sort of supervisor who you found it difficult to get appointments with, not because he was flying around the world, but because he was doing experiments all the time.
 The company, looking to be taken private after a board shakeup and a legal fight with its second-biggest shareholder this year, wants second-round offers within three to four weeks, said the people, who asked to remain anonymous because the discussions are private.
 “We are exporting to Europe because the demand is there,” said Andy Lipow , president of Lipow Oil Associates LLC in Houston.
html Abu Dhabi, the richest member of the United Arab Emirates federation, may not sell bonds this year because market conditions are difficult, Mohammed Ahmed al- Bowardi, secretary general of Abu Dhabi’s executive council, said today in the emirate.
 “It’s a difficult situation because it seems a new political crisis is emerging on top of the current economic crisis.
html Government bond yields will fall and the shekel weaken if the Bank of Israel keeps interest rates on hold tomorrow, according to Barclays Capital, because most analysts forecast a 25 basis-point increase.
 “Investors are refraining from moving before the end of the fiscal first half because doing so alters their earnings results that are being calculated.
98 each, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information was private.
 stocks because he doubts the economy will relapse in the immediate future, he is betting returns in the next decade will fall short of their traditional average gains of about 12 percent.
 will suffer more regular recessions, in part because policy makers have learned from past mistakes and are now better adept at supporting recoveries, he said.
) “The year 2008, when we started up, was quite tough, because banks were getting very conservative in their lending and I financed most of it through equity,” he says.
 The biggest part of that strategy is for Treasury to begin converting its $49 billion preferred stake into common stock for sales by the first half of next year, said the people, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
” Albers, who leads Swiss Re’s European reinsurance sales force, said the industry “most likely has enough capital for biometrical risks” because in solvency models, life-risk products consume less capital than savings policies.
 “We think that the development of new life-risk-related products is also an opportunity for us, because these are basically biometrical risks, which we are very well positioned to take on our balance sheet,” he said.
 “We think no one is going to hike until 2011 because the recovery is still very fragile and the international environment is uncertain,” said Dmitry Gourov , a Vienna-based analyst at UniCredit SpA.
 “Yields are now at a peak because the worst of inflation is behind us.
 The government and banks are paying higher rates for short- term borrowing because the central bank is restricting funds as demand for credit increases.
 The investment firm will probably reveal its plans for the sale in coming days, said the people, who declined to be identified because they are not authorized to discuss the plans.
 ‘Temporary’ “At the other plants we kept our employees because we want to be able to restart full production when the crisis is over,” spokesman Valerian David said.
 Hallenstein shares have gained 13 percent the past three months after the company said margins were improving because it had expanded its product range and it was being less aggressive with its discounting.
 Disney Test Disney is likely to test consumer interest in the first quarter using a single film, said one of the people, who requested anonymity because the decisions are pending.
 Sydney-based Woolworths, Australia's largest retailer, is yet to make a decision on whether to join the offer, the two people said, declining to be identified because details of the talks aren't public.
'' By offering its own shares in the bid, Wesfarmers has an advantage over buyout firms because investors accepting stock in a takeover can defer potential capital gains taxes, something that can't be done with an all-cash bid.
 ``We have captured most of the increase in demand because we deliver the best quality cells and we do it on time,'' Chief Executive Officer Zhengrong Shi said in an interview.
 “This is a catalyst for change” because exporters will be forced to speed productivity gains, while rising incomes will stoke the retail industry, said Jing Ulrich , chairwoman of China equities and commodities at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 “Investors will want to get into Chinese assets because they will be worth more.
 Other Currencies “The Americans should not be happy with this at all because everyone agrees that the renminbi should appreciate at least 10 percent,” said Johnson, using another term for the yuan.
S to flood global markets with Treasuries because it wanted to own a mountain of them.
 If the new Grand Cherokee sells better than its most recent predecessor that may be largely because Fiat has an international presence, Truesdell said.
 The fund manager may also buy more commodity shares because a stronger yuan will boost Chinese demand for raw materials, Naeimi said, declining to name specific stocks.
 “I’m disappointed because we could have been a bit more ambitious and come out a little bit and created a few more problems for them.
 “I don’t really want to own the stock that has nothing but favorable ratings because the expectations are so high.
 “I was looking at it with a relatively fresh set of eyes because I launched coverage on the stock in the first quarter of last year.
 The $58 billion fund signed an agreement with Agricultural Bank on June 17, two people with knowledge of the matter said, declining to be identified because the deal is private.
4 percent because exports to Asia have been strong and fiscal measures to aid purchases of cars and electronics appliances supported consumption, public broadcaster NHK said.
 Smelters will shut this quarter because about 70 percent are unprofitable after aluminum fell as much as 27 percent in two months, said Deripaska, chief executive officer of United Co.
 “The price drop that we’ve seen is something that we view as a shorter-term correction because fear is increasing above normal levels,” said Jesus Villegas, an analyst at Laredo, Texas-based Harbor.
 “If we have come far it’s because we are standing on the shoulders of giants,” he said, quoting 17th-century English scientist Isaac Newton .
 The housing-market recovery may still falter because mortgage approvals remain at only half the level of the 2007 boom and as budget cuts and tax increases loom, Rightmove said.
 The $58 billion fund signed an agreement with Agricultural Bank on June 17, the people said, declining to be identified because the deal is private.
 The organization on June 1 decided to increase attacks because Turkey is ignoring its demands for constitutionally recognized autonomy, General Fahri Kir told reporters in Ankara.
 “Investors will want to get into Chinese assets because they will be worth more.
4 percent because exports to Asia have been strong, public broadcaster NHK said.
 Dan Weisser, head of real-estate investments at Masdar City, and the head of the program management department Alistair Murray are also leaving, said two people familiar with each departure, declining to be identified because they are not authorized to speak with the media.
 The Fed’s decision to buy $300 billion of Treasuries was called “irresponsible” by Li Xiangyang , of the government- backed Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, because it could weaken the dollar.
 Gains this time around may be more moderate because the yuan has already strengthened 16 percent against the euro this year, eroding earnings for Chinese exporters in the European Union, the nation’s largest market.
 Hubbard and his wife are also subject to statutory management because they are so closely connected with the businesses, Commerce Minister Simon Power said in an e-mailed statement yesterday.
 He pledged to reform the system because it discourages people from taking low-paid jobs in favor of state handouts.
 The $58 billion fund signed an agreement with Agricultura Bank on June 17, the people said, declining to be identified because the deal is private.
 Gains may be limited because the yuan already strengthened 16.
 “It’s hard to knock Pixar because they are 11 for 11.
 Investors were tempted into such purchases because they promised the same low risk as owning high-quality debt like U.
 Credit-default swaps act like insurance because the seller collects premiums in exchange for promising to pay the buyer if the reference securities, in this case corporate bonds underlying the index, suffer losses or a default.
 The $58 billion fund signed an agreement with Agricultural Bank on June 17, the people said, declining to be identified because the deal is private.
 The French government signaled the political fight ahead over the proposals by saying it objects to them because existing EU legislation in this area should be given more time to produce benefits for airlines.
html Mironovskiy Hleboproduct SA (MHPC) , Ukraine’s biggest poultry producer, wants to boost the amount of meat it exports because domestic consumption has not grown in six years, Chief Executive Officer Yuriy Kosyuk said.
 The shares are down because the offering is at a discount, he said.
 The two Louisiana Sweet grades are stronger than other Gulf crudes when WTI strengthens against Brent because they are increasingly used as hedges for South American and Central American crudes, said Carl Larry, Houston-based president of Oil Outlooks & Opinions LLC.
 Records say he was born April 19 because an official misprinted the month when records from merging towns were consolidated in 1955, the nephew said.
 In a truly Orwellian touch, we are only having the debate Obama says he wants because Snowden broke his promises and the law.
 This is a problem, because protecting the innocent suspect is not something at which the U.
 Partly because America, a nation of laws, has come close to ending the costly nuisance of the jury trial .
 Same-store sales are an indicator of a company’s growth because they include only older, established locations.
 Yet it is the litigants’ favorite venue, because the standard of proof is lower than in U.
 courts and because the ITC can impose an import ban.
 “Hogan’s acquisitions were good for ABB because they brought in new technology and diversification for the business,” he said.
 “My strong bias is to always go inside if you have the talent, also because the track record of outsiders is pretty sketchy, although Joe is one of the exceptions,” he said.
 Pacnet is also seeking to amend the debt’s terms to remove restrictive covenants and certain terms governing events of default, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 The accounts were greeted with shock, anger and an unusual degree of introspection, in large part because China has spent the last decade reaching out to Africa , hoping that economic assistance and diplomatic cooperation can result in friendship.
 “Feldman’s actions constitute fraud because by writing calls he represented to the market as a whole and to purchasers of his deep-in-the-money calls that he was going to make delivery if his calls were exercised and assigned when he had no intention of doing so, and, in fact, by entering buy-writes, he did not cover his short position,” Judge Murray said.
 Elizabeth Snowden, who goes by Wendy and uses a service dog because she has epilepsy, has lived alone in the Ellicott City apartment for the past few years, neighbor Kinsey said.
 Dish had countered with a $1 billion reverse-breakup fee, which would be paid if the takeover didn’t win regulatory approval, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private.
 “We don’t think so, because the activities are fundamentally totally different,” he wrote in his research note.
 “They’re going to have to do something because standing still is not going to work for them,” Cristina Lopez, a Calgary-based analyst at Macquarie, said in a telephone interview.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 So far, only BASF SE’s energy unit Wintershall has expressed serious interest in buying all of Dea, two of the people said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Returns of hedge funds and mortgage REITs investing in the bonds typically track relative performance of the debt, because these investors can use bearish bets to hedge against changes in benchmark interest rates.
 Those investing in IOs have also lost in recent weeks because they buy traditional mortgage securities as hedges, Skybridge’s Gayeski said.
 The person asked not to be identified because the firm is private.
 He declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Both UBS and Credit Suisse are targeting super-rich customers with at least 50 million Swiss francs ($54 million) to help improve pretax margins because the funds can be managed by fewer bankers compared with deposits from less affluent clients.
 Miners relied on temporary accommodation operated by services companies because they were unable to provide enough housing for the workers themselves, Hobart said.
 ‘Captive Banking’ Captive private-equity firms can encounter conflicts of interest because they have to please their corporate parents as well as their limited partners, said Oleg Jelezko, managing partner and CEO of Da Vinci Capital in Moscow.
 officials, who asked not to be identified because the probe is still under way.
 “We downgraded the stock a few weeks back because we thought their valuation were looking quite rich,” said Gerald Wong, an analyst at Credit Suisse in Singapore .
 The plan is “grossly unfair” to small businesses such as street-food vendors and pizzerias because convenience and grocery stores can still sell the larger sizes, the businesses’ lawyers argued.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “Without wanting to sound grandiose about it, we bring this claim because the U.
3 percent from last year’s estimate -- because that tally is based on list prices typically subject to discounts.
 The Saudi Arabian affiliate of HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA) , National Commercial Bank ’s investment banking unit and Standard Chartered Plc will manage the sukuk sale, according to the banker, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “We have to enhance the function of the Singapore office because we will have new refinery in Vietnam,” Takashi Tsukioka, president-designate of the company, said in a May 31 interview.
 The Senate panel said in March that the bank dodged regulators and misled investors amid souring bets by trader Bruno Iksil, dubbed the London Whale because his positions were so big.
 “Demand for gold in Vietnam will drop significantly after the deadline because there will essentially be no more demand from banks and the auctions are set to continue,” Truc said in an interview last week from Hanoi.
 Welsh winger North added his second try five minutes later to put the Lions ahead 38-0, a lead they took into half time as Sean O’Brien’s effort was disallowed by the television match official because his foot hit the touchline as the Irish flanker powered his way past three defenders.
 Goldman Sachs’s move stands out because private banks that lend money to wealthy clients against assets such as artwork and real estate have been less willing to extend loans backed by fine wines, said four specialty lenders and attorneys.
 “I’d be reluctant to lend on wines predating 1982 because the provenance is hard to prove,” said Stephen Burton, the founder of Bordeaux Cellars Ltd.
 Korea Expectations Investor expectations for an upgrade had been low for South Korea because the market has underperformed among emerging markets, according to Heo Pil Seok, the Seoul-based chief executive officer at Midas International Asset Management Ltd.
 Watson said it may take “a lot of time” to develop some of the resources because infrastructure is in short supply.
 In the wake of the 2008 credit crunch, investors have assumed the federal government would bail out lenders in a renewed crisis because their failure would be catastrophic for the financial system.
” 2010 Leaks Gillard’s backers are reluctant to reinstall Rudd because they blame him for leaks during the 2010 election campaign that damaged the government and triggered a slide in opinion polls, resulting in the closest ballot in 70 years.
 The company “is not a standard economic enterprise because it has an overlay that is tied to the elites and policies of Russia,” said Wurmser, who served as a foreign-policy adviser to former U.
 Humala’s job approval rating fell to 46 percent last month, down from 54 percent, partly because 55 percent of those surveyed said the economy is cooling, according to June 6 poll by Datum Internacional.
 “I believe the company will be profitable by the end of this year because by then it would have substantially refitted its fleet with brand new aircraft.
 Carriers in the region are planning capacity expansion because traffic is growing, Ahmad Jauhari said.
 “There’s a little anxiety with 10s and bonds” because the auctions follow an increase in yields in the past month.
 Snowden “appears to have been in systems administration, and those are the people that might have access to nearly everything because everything is done by computers.
 to approach potential buyers, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
” Frontier countries have avoided the retreat in world equities because local developments are a bigger driver for their domestic markets and cheaper valuations have supported the stocks, according to Samir Shah, an investment manager at Advance Emerging Capital in London .
 No Certainty The two haven’t begun talks because Kabel Deutschland determined that the price Vodafone indicated it was willing to pay was too low, said the people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly.
 Democrats opposed that plan because they said it shortchanged poor or English learning students in wealthier districts.
 ‘Rising Tide’ GameStop helps to spur new-game sales because customers trade in older titles to purchase newer ones, Julian Raines, the company’s chief executive officer, said today in a separate interview with Bloomberg Television.
 “The decline in prices in the second half of 2013 could be significant if weather conditions are near normal or even slightly unfavorable,” because output will jump, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
html Italy, the second-largest market for solar-power, will cease granting feed-in tariffs for new installations after July 6 because its subsidy program has reached its budget cap.
 “The impact is going to be meaningful because no one is willing to take the other side to the same degree,” Ravi said.
 Margaret: Ramesh, did you see this video of Chad Johnson, formerly known as Chad Ochocinco, getting 30 days in jail because he patted his lawyer's butt in a Florida courtroom.
 He thinks he's a god because he can write code, which is about as difficult as me learning Spanish -- hard to get the r's right, maybe, but perfectly doable.
 “A further decline in the Australian dollar would drive a de-rating because it would likely reflect a weaker domestic economic outlook, and it could also lead to increased selling of banks.
 Diamond said it revised the results, based on generally accepted accounting principles, because it had miscalculated the dilutive effect of a change in fair value of a warrant liability to Oaktree Capital Management LP.
 Brough should be taking a long, hard look at himself because this sort of behavior is not appropriate in the 21st century,” he told reporters.
 It was a surprising result, the activists say, because the company has been particularly resistant to climate and renewable energy policies.
 The collaboration marked the start of an organized shareholder movement in Virginia—one that is "fairly unique" among activists in the United States because it focuses on a single company, said Dan Bakal , director of Ceres' Electric Power Program.
 The company said the proposal wasn't needed because the company had reported its potential climate liabilities to the Carbon Disclosure Project , a nonprofit that helps firms develop carbon-cutting strategies.
 “I believe it will succeed because the climate has changed for the country.
 Snowden said he acted because he thought Americans should know what the government is doing in their name, and that its actions wrongly jeopardized privacy rights .
 “A lot of firms hired women because I was a success,” she said.
 Merkel’s government has saved about 80 billion euros during the financial crisis from 2009 to 2013 as bond yields declined because investors consider the country a safe haven, the Kiel-based Institute for the World Economy said on June 11.
 Virility Fears Women are the focus of the sterilization drive because India has a male-dominated culture, said Sona Sharma, joint director of the Population Foundation of India , an advocacy group.
 The change will only apply in England , because other parts of the U.
 In the other corner is Asmussen, who says the program falls within the ECB’s mandate, because it addresses the breakdown of the euro area's monetary-policy transmission mechanism.
 Advisers are also seeking exposure to alternatives for their clients because the offerings have historically outperformed broader markets, said Schwarzman.
 The big question is whether the observed physical deterioration after retirement occurs because it is underlying poor health that leads people to end their working life.
 “The inflows we get from mining companies are not coming because the price of gold is weakening.
 ‘Correction Over’ Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, after the market closed, said there may be little room for the central bank’s REIT purchases because the size of the REIT market is not big.
 “Feldman’s actions constitute fraud because by writing calls he represented to the market as a whole and to purchasers of his deep-in-the-money calls that he was going to make delivery if his calls were exercised and assigned when he had no intention of doing so, and, in fact, by entering buy-writes, he did not cover his short position,” Judge Murray said.
 Employees have been front-running client orders and rigging WM/Reuters rates by pushing through trades before and during the 60-second windows when the benchmarks are set, said the current and former traders, who requested anonymity because the practice is controversial.
 The inherent conflict banks face between executing client orders and profiting from their own trades is exacerbated because most currency trading takes place away from exchanges.
 South Korea’s trade surplus may not widen in the fourth quarter because exports are expected to slow as global economies slump, while the value of imports will probably rise due to high oil prices , the ministry said.
 3 because a report by the International Monetary Fund , European Central Bank and European Commission has been delayed, German Deputy Finance MinisterJoerg Asmussen said Sept.
 can “lay the foundations of a more solid future” on its own terms because it is outside the euro area, according to the article.
 The European Commission this week opposed ideas being floated by some government officials to get banks to accept bigger so-called haircuts on Greek debt holdings and doesn’t want to have talks about any such attempt, an official said this week on condition of anonymity because the deliberations are private.
 “We rolled because Brauny and Prince did their thing and everybody else fit in well with either getting on base for them or contributing down in the bottom of the order.
 Rajoy said it is the PP’s priority to encourage investment and job creation because it is the best way to fund health care, education and pensions.
 Tolkien’s “The Hobbit,” said the people, who declined to be identified because the agreement is private.
 “The FBI has to do a full and complete investigation, because this really is criminal in the literal sense of the word to leak out this type of sensitive, classified information on really almost unparalleled penetration of the enemy,” Representative Peter King, a New York Republican who is chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said in an interview today on CNN’s “ State of the Union ” television program.
” French newspapers such as Le Figaro have said a pullout by end 2012 may be impossible anyway, because the French military lacks enough transport aircraft and Pakistan has closed overland routes after disputes with the U.
 Tombini said policymakers are considering cutting rates below the current 9 percent level because the global economic outlook deteriorated after the release of monetary policy meeting minutes in March, in which policy makers said the benchmark rate would fall to just above historic lows.
 “Argentina will fight about every comma, repeatedly, because it prolongs judgment day.
 Ultimately, higher wages and lower prices are the same because workers are both wage earners and consumers.
: A broad range of investment continues to drive productivity because investment and risk taking, as a whole, are far below the optimal level.
 An increase in supply should drive down wages, but pay rose because the value from deploying this talent was greater than their pay.
 “We never formed this coalition because it was going to be in the best interests of us as a party.
 As a result, all eyes are turning to the European Central Bank , because some in the euro policy elite still hope loose monetary policy and higher inflation rates will provide an escape hatch.
 And it probably will, not least because the institution itself could disappear if the euro area fails.
html Crude prices should fall because global supply is outweighing demand, according to Saudi Arabia ’s oil minister, Ali al-Naimi .
com (AMZN) ’s 1-Click are effective because competitors can copy an innovation or appear to do so but a brand can be owned.
 That’s because once the stoves and chimneys developed cracks, the villagers generally chose not to fix or maintain their new devices but instead went back to their old, smoky ways of cooking.
 In science, there’s always a point where you take a risk on the biology because the biology is not fully understood.
 Salmond said his first foray into politics was when he was in primary school and he represented the SNP because it was the only party left to choose.
 Investor Third Point LLC, which is seeking board representation because it says Yahoo is mismanaged, highlighted discrepancies in Thompson’s resume on May 3 and stepped up pressure ever since.
 Crude exports this month won’t increase from April’s level because Iraq needs to divert fuel to new power plants , al- Luaibi said May 9.
 “What we want to avoid is stigmatizing banks which for good reason don’t need more capital just because other countries want more capital due to specific risk their banks have,” said Roeseler.
” Facebook announced last January that it would start filing public financial reports this year because it expected to breach a regulatory threshold on the number of its shareholders.
 “I give the president great credit for voting his conscience, because when you net this all out, it’s not a political winner,” McKinnon said yesterday on the CBS program “Face the Nation.
 “President Bush won re-election in 2004 not because people liked him necessarily, or even agreed with his policies, they voted for him because they thought he had core principles and he’d fight for them.
html Spain may intervene in the finances of the northern Spanish principality of Asturias because local politicians have failed to form a government that agrees on cuts to its budget deficit .
 “Asturias is especially worrying because the interim situation of the government impedes it from adopting revenues and expenses commitments,” said the Budget Ministry in a statement yesterday.
 While concern over Europe may spur volatility during the second and third quarters, investors should begin buying stocks with earnings tied to economic growth because their valuations are below historic levels, he said.
 “The prices of Japanese government bonds are stable because investors see the nation has the will and ability to realize its fiscal adjustment,” Shirakawa said.
 Commodities may rebound because producers of raw materials are unable to keep up with increasing demand, said Adrian Day, the president of Adrian Day Asset Management in Annapolis, Maryland , who oversees about $170 million of assets.
 “Acquisitions become very important when you try to expand there because you often need local presence in order to be able to sell to continental European companies.
 “SAP is one of the few stories within the European technology sector that investors are really excited about because they have these specific new product cycles which should help them support their growth,” KBC’s Cappaert said.
 “China’s reserve ratio cut is a plus for investor mindsets, but the market isn’t reacting much because its impact on the economy is limited.
 “Guys with Kids” follows men in their 30s who struggle as parents because they are still children at heart.
 Congress enacted that law -- one of the two crown jewels of the civil-rights movement -- because blacks were being denied access to the vote through unfair state-imposed tests in the still-segregated South.
 “In a certain sense, he is already tainted because his company failed.
 “The export theme has a long way to play because when you have a huge trade deficit there is a requirement for exports to go up significantly,” said Naren.
 Studies show that the odds a driver will stay in their own lane are no higher because their hands are theoretically steering the car.
 “It makes a lot more sense, because if you put the right person in place that person is going to be the one to understand what the goal is and get people motivated to actually buy into it.
 EU ministers, parliament and the European Commission reached a provisional agreement overnight on how much farmers must get or give up as part of a new farm policy for 2014-20, said the official, who asked not to be identified because there is no final agreement.
 Brent cargo B0701 will load on July 10-12, three days later than originally scheduled, and lot B0702 will load July 13-15, deferred by one day, according to three people with knowledge of the loading program who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “Not only is 13 percent higher than the 8 percent, it will also be more expensive to raise because it will have to be higher-quality capital,” Voisey said.
 This situation may be growing more common, unfortunately, because the demand for cognitive skills associated with higher education, after rising sharply until 2000, has since been in decline.
 It’s hard to believe this is because the skill required to drive a taxi has risen substantially since 1970.
, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 The clogs still generate 47 percent of sales because lots of people like them, especially medical professionals and kids.
 He pointed out that it has little presence in several warm-weather regions that could help it have less of a seasonal business because in places like Kuwait and Brazil people wear sandals year round.
 “It’s very hard for the parties themselves to come together and form a consensus within their own parties because the chances of getting something done is so limited.
 “There isn’t any direct impact onto business as such, because we run it ourselves and politicians only influence it indirectly,” said Stanislav Bernard, whose namesake brewery doubled its output in the past decade.
 Instead, the value of the yuan has declined in recent days -- and that's remarkable because the Chinese central bank manages the yuan, aiming for a slow appreciation.
 Market researcher Conlumino said last month that consumer interest in DIY is waning because shoppers lack the skills and inclination to, say, replace that peeling wallpaper in the bedroom.
 Sumitomo Life, Japan ’s third-largest life insurer, is weighing an offer for a 40 percent stake that may be valued at as much as $800 million, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” Pipeline Analysis While Obama didn’t indicate whether he favored approval, a draft State Department analysis, released March 1, said that the pipeline would have minimal impact on climate change because the oil sands would be mined and developed with or without Keystone XL.
 “Not that it doesn’t affect rural Alberta, because those towns are a big part of agriculture in Alberta.
 “I am in this cemetery because I have nowhere to sleep and no food to eat.
 Tim Dokie, a 28-year-old former combatant, enrolled in a free training course to become an electronic technician, though not because he wanted to learn the trade.
 Toe said he can’t go back home because his relatives fear being associated with abuses he committed while fighting as a boy soldier.
 That’s a problem because the recovery is still tepid.
 The problem of who to connect with on LinkedIn puzzles people precisely because the network itself is neither fish nor fowl.
 (Note that there's a difference between saying yes to a conference because it's an interesting event, and saying yes because you want to help out the person who asked.
 Though he preferred the Lexus, he went with the BMW because at 340,000 yuan ($55,400) it was 18 percent cheaper.
, in China it’s $13,000 more because the German automaker produces its cars in the country, whereas made-in- Japan Lexus faces a 25 percent tariff.
5 billion fund, based in Cambridge, England, dropped 19 percent for the year through June 21, said the people, who asked not to be named because the firm is private.
 “You have to be careful what you acquire because you have to be able to manage it,” Crump said.
 But the week had also been filled with news that China’s banks were scrambling to borrow from one another because the central bank was no longer willing to issue easy credit.
 “This is special because they had such a special season,” Scotty Bowman, the Blackhawks senior adviser of hockey operations, said in a televised interview after capturing his 13th Stanley Cup title as an executive or coach.
 S&P is accused in the lawsuit of deceiving investors, including federally insured financial institutions, by giving its highest credit ratings to mortgage-backed securities and collateralized-debt obligations because it wanted to gain business from the issuers of the securities and not because the securities merited these ratings.
 That’s a problem because games sell consoles, and Nintendo’s new $300-$350 Wii U hasn’t exactly been flying off shelves.
 “Nintendo can’t fail, because it has nothing else to earn profits.
 When Deutsche Bank exercised its option to buy the remaining 60 percent of UFG in 2006, it valued the company at about $1 billion, former colleagues said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 The timing is wrong to take the company private because the stock price is too high, he said.
 ‘The gains will be capped because the market still has to live with the rising stocks,’’ Gnanasekar Thiagarajan, a director at Commtrendz Risk Management Services Pvt.
” Fewer than a dozen people have taken the buyout offers, said a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
 That system, while race-neutral on the surface, ensures a significant number of minorities because it guarantees slots to students at predominantly Hispanic and black schools.
 “We are confident that the action will be dismissed by the lower courts because the state cannot demonstrate that it is entitled to injunctive or disgorgement remedies,” Greenberg’s attorney, David Boies of Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, said in a statement.
” The ‘Disrupter’ In an interview at a cupcake shop below his Park Avenue South apartment, Weiner said he’s drawing attention because he offers ideas that speak to the middle class and those who aspire to get there -- not because of the sex scandal that ended his 12-year tenure in the House of Representatives .
 Since Barnes & Noble got into the tablet business in 2010, analysts questioned how it would maintain its initial success because the amount of investment to churn out devices to compete against the likes of Amazon.
 “It’s a positive because anything they can do to cut back on that cash burn is a good thing,” said Michael Souers , an analyst for Standard & Poor’s in New York.
 “Japanese shares are falling along with other markets, but it’s also the most resilient market because it benefits from a stronger dollar.
9 percent this year through May and 40 percent since inception, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The reason he gave was that he wanted to avoid a diplomatic incident, because El Mahroug was related to Egypt's then-President Hosni Mubarak.
9 million Italians voted for Berlusconi, perhaps because he embodies a fantasy -- to be rich, powerful and devil-may-care.
 Here in Montenegro, the Italian system is something of an aspiration for some leaders because it represents a European Union in which you can have your cake of corruption and eat it, too.
 It is worth mentioning Edi Rama, Berisha's likely replacement, because what he said to me in an interview about Albania applies just as much to Italy.
 “If you put Albanian civil servants in Germany, they will not be corrupt because there is no space for it,” he said.
 Indeed, Ecuador can defy Washington in large part because the U.
 “We do not need a non-binding principles-based approach or optional options because this will not install confidence.
 The statistics agency’s labor force report for June didn’t take the flooding into account because the reference period for the survey was June 9 to June 15.
 “People went to China because the costs were lower,” said Liu.
 Vodafone had matched Malone’s 85 euro-a-share ($111) offer and was considering trumping it, said the people, who asked not to be identified because talks were private.
 Behind the scenes, Vodafone put aside an offer it was weighing because it was focused on scaling back and exiting businesses and executives were concerned about an investor backlash, people familiar with Vodafone’s thinking said.
2 billion) from the central bank because a commitment that size would make the authorities unwilling to let the lender fail.
 Betty Silverstein’s case came to light because her son Scot, who is also a health-care informatics professor at Drexel University, has for more than a decade been one of the loudest voices urging caution in the adoption of electronic records.
 But we can’t do that because our rates are set by the federal and state government.
 Lawmakers are considering the issue again because the House approved the limit.
 “We have to keep capital markets within our banks because this is the only way for the banks to be competitive,” Perol, 49, said in an interview in Paris yesterday.
 bank chief executive officer, Perol said: “He told me, ‘I love the Liikanen report, because you Europeans will be out of business.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “I hummed and hawed, and I thought to myself, I don’t really think that I want to show a lump there, because you pass it so fast,” he recalls.
” Fed Openness Fed officials have said that greater public understanding renders their actions more potent because the economy is affected by expectations about future policy.
 Yesterday was particularly thrilling because the room was full of entrepreneurs who were all self-confident and wanted to show off, so I just beat them up and they loved it.
 You’d better take me on at my level, because I get up each morning wanting to beat the world, and if you don’t, I’ll kill you.
 Basketball Focus The league, which retained the rights to the Big East name, includes the so-called Catholic 7, whose presidents voted to leave because they said football-related revenue was becoming too important.
 ResCap, which estimates a full review could cost $300 million, told Glenn it would be a waste of money because a federal policy allows it to make a one-time payment.
 Faster inflation should also spur spending on both consumption and investment because it raises the price of just leaving money idle.
 And we certainly shouldn’t adopt a higher target just because the Fed is uncomfortable changing the way it operates.
 People who think the economy remains depressed -- and think it’s depressed largely because money is too tight -- have to urge the Fed to do something different.
 (XOM) line in Mayflower, Arkansas , have led environmental groups like the Natural Resources Defense Council to oppose shipping bitumen by pipeline because they say doing so carries greater risk.
 A February 2011 report by the New York City-based NRDC said said spills were more likely because bitumen is acidic and moves through pipelines at higher temperatures than other oils, increasing the risk of corrosion.
 The State Department’s draft environmental analysis said Keystone won’t increase climate-change risks because the oil sands will be developed even without the project.
 While regulators blocked a proposed tie-up in 2002 because a deal would reduce competition, several U.
 “In a certain sense, he is already tainted because his company failed.
 “Traders are looking forward to the planted acreage report because the discussion on prevent planting and switching from corn to beans will be over,” Paul Georgy, president of Allendale Inc.
 Other hedge funds , including Jana Partners LLC, have acquired stakes in Health Management since Glenview’s holdings were disclosed, according to a person familiar with the trading who asked not to be identified because the holdings are not yet public.
” Pushing to sell the company wouldn’t make sense because it has underperformed, Skolnick said.
 But the reason we're all here in the heat today is because we know we've got more to do.
 I know some Republicans in Washington dismiss these jobs, but those who do need to call home -- because 75 percent of all wind energy in this country is generated in Republican districts.
 And because billions of your tax dollars continue to still subsidize some of the most profitable corporations in the history of the world, my budget once again calls for Congress to end the tax breaks for big oil companies, and invest in the clean-energy companies that will fuel our future.
 And it was a fair question, because as the world's largest economy and second-largest carbon emitter, as a country with unsurpassed ability to drive innovation and scientific breakthroughs, as the country that people around the world continue to look to in times of crisis, we've got a vital role to play.
 We need an inclusive agreement -- because every country has to play its part.
 And we need an agreement that’s flexible -- because different nations have different needs.
 She’s been held up for months, forced to jump through hoops no Cabinet nominee should ever have to -- not because she lacks qualifications, but because there are too many in the Republican Party right now who think that the Environmental Protection Agency has no business protecting our environment from carbon pollution.
 “We’re looking at fast and extremely high-profit projects to improve our financial performance,” he said, declining to be specific because PIK is in talks with land sellers.
 In practice, however, Congress will be hard-pressed to enact any new coverage formula because the pervasive, systemic discrimination in voting that justified a deviation from the normal constitutional order is now gone.
 “You don’t want to be seen spitting in a can because they may throw you out.
 “I’m more bullish for oil because we still see further demand growth and the danger of unrest spreading to other oil- producing countries.
 “They’ve tried to enter into a building because a guy that supported Gbagbo is living there,” said resident Moussa Traore.
 The Moscow-based lender is in talks to buy Oesterreichische Volksbanken AG (VBPS) ’s eastern European unit, Volksbanken International AG, according to four people with knowledge of the transaction who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 ‘Crying Inside’ Even at half the current price, it would be hard to sell properties in Urayasu because no one would want to buy in the area, said Satoshi Kawahara, president of Real Bois Co.
 Henkel wasn’t fined because it was the first company to supply evidence to regulators.
 The commission said it reduced fines on the other two companies because they cooperated in the probe and agreed to settle.
 It didn’t fine Henkel because it was the first to inform regulators of the cartel.
 “This bilateral focus can be quite troubling, and not only because it risks over-simplifying problems and therefore lessening the likelihood of solutions,” he said.
 Usmanov said the Arsenal board’s decision to recommend Kroenke’s offer to shareholders came as surprise because it had always promoted a plural ownership structure.
 The IPO may value Glencore at about $55 billion to $60 billion, said two people with knowledge of the sale, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 There was no February figure because the earthquake in Christchurch disrupted the survey process.
 “It was difficult for them to meet today in Manzini because the police turned back buses,” Gina said by phone today from Manzini, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) east of the capital, Mbabane.
 Keays said he objected because the move limited his customers and he would lose bonuses tied to revenue he brought in to the bank.
 He said he received three months’ severance pay and didn’t get stock he was promised because he refused to sign a release that would have prevented him from suing.
 Gone are the days when they could gain importance because they had access to data or were able to hoard information.
 The company didn’t delay a decision to use seawater to cool four reactors because it would render them inoperable, Shimizu said.
 “We can’t even bring a computer to the shop to help with our work because the Taliban are against computers and they would try to kidnap or kill us,” Shahrukhi said.
 Afghans are harder to sell on mobile phone banking, Khoja said, because after 30 years of war citizens have little trust in financial institutions or anything but cash.
 “I think that will happen because they both need each other.
 Henkel wasn’t fined because it was the first company to supply evidence to regulators.
 The commission said it reduced fines on the other two companies because they cooperated in the probe and agreed to settle.
 A decision by a national court that DHL Express’s French unit breached the trademark rights of a rival “extends as a rule” to the entire bloc because it was acting as EU trademark court, the EU Court of Justice in Luxembourg ruled yesterday, according to a statement.
 Schneider held preliminary talks with Tyco after approaching the company earlier this year, said three people with knowledge of the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 “That’s because this tournament is for sure one of the best Masters 1,000 in the world, if not the best,” said the Spaniard, who is a member of the ATP Player Council.
 But at the same time, I really felt it deserved a Masters 1,000 status and that’s why Rafa and myself fought for it, because we thought tradition was still a very important part of our game.
 Turkcell should heed Turkey’s Capital Markets Board, the securities regulator, which told the company it should have at least two independent board members because 34 percent of its shares are freely traded.
 “That’s not only because of expectations of reduced federal spending, but also because early on reduced spending would require a fiscal drag that would limit the upside for U.
 “The Acciona deal is very important because it confirms that this is a reliable country to invest in,” Jose Guardo, the Garrigues partner in charge of project finance, said in an interview.
 Cocoa production may continue to be disrupted because farmers fled plantations after the violence, said Exclusive Analysis , a London-based company that forecasts commercial risk.
 The ingredients are clear because waiters take care to describe each element -- an uncommon gesture for club cuisine.
html Oil is poised to fall further because so much recent speculation in the U.
5 cents on the dollar, according to three people with knowledge of quotes in the market, who declined to be identified because the trading is private.
 That so-called tax shield will now be eliminated, because 300,000 households, out of the 562,000 who paid ISF in 2009, will no longer owe anything.
” Annual Targets The franc’s strength has a limited effect on Nestle’s margins because expenses are often in local currencies, Claudia Lenz, an analyst at Bank Vontobel, said by phone.
 “The report today was very interesting because the draw in gasoline stocks was seven times bigger than what people expected,” said Sean Brodrick, a natural resource analyst with Weiss Research in Jupiter, Florida .
 ‘Can’t Afford It’ “In December, I agreed to extend the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans because it was the only way I could prevent a tax hike on middle-class Americans,” Obama said.
 Montana Senator Max Baucus , who voted against the fiscal commission’s plan in part because he said it would hurt rural America, said in a statement yesterday that Congress should seek a balanced approach that looks at spending and revenues.
 “It’s difficult because it heavily depends on qualified personnel,” he said.
 “Plants were dying because suddenly they were in the shade,” said Neidleman, a political science professor at the University of La Verne .
 “As time passed, they became less of a threat because we got hold of the ball and controlled the game more.
 Mortgage-banking revenues are going to be under pressure because volumes are under pressure and spreads are under pressure.
 “I don’t think they even have to consider that because the partnership is working well for both sides,” Bond said.
 The difficulty in obtaining environmental licenses in Brazil could delay other port projects, helping Santos Brasil because it is already moving cargo, Vainer said.
 Manhattan Twice “Investors like Eike Batista used great insight by moving in this sector because they knew the government takes a long time to act,” said Adriano Pires, head of the Brazilian Center for Infrastructure, a Rio-based consultancy.
 “It would be the world’s most holistically engineered industry port because you have the supply chain of pipeline, iron ore and railway connected to the hinterland.
 “This wasn’t stimulus; this was just scattering money around to build gazebos and fake lakes, and Canadians don’t have confidence in your management because you waste public money,” Ignatieff said.
5 percent because global interest rates are lower than four or five years ago, when the South American country’s neutral rate exceeded 6 percent, Jorge Selaive, chief economist at Banco de Credito & Inversiones in Santiago, said yesterday.
 Monetary policy was “walking on one foot” before the financial crisis because while officials could change interest rates , they couldn’t influence the quantity of money being created through bank lending, de Larosiere said.
 “It’s an immediately bullish report because it tightens supplies,” said Sander Cohan , an analyst with Energy Security Analysis Inc.
 “But this points to something bearish in the next couple of weeks because the reason for the big decline is refiners are staying out of the market for economic or maintenance reasons.
 “When banks are looking for alternatives to loans, medium- term to long-term bonds are the best choices because they have relatively high yields,” said Chen Liang, a bond analyst in Shenzhen at Guohai Securities Co.
 Analysts projected a decrease because an earlier Easter in 2010 had pulled sales into March that would normally have taken place in April.
 “Prices rallied because people were covering their short positions since we only have one more auction left,” Mansukh Shah, a trader with Alanwood Ltd.
 (GS) in September 2008 because a Galleon consultant predicted that Congress would inject billions of dollars into U.
 banks, and not because he was tipped that Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The French government also came to Airbus when it needed to send planes to Haiti following the earthquake last year, because conditions made deployment of aircraft from leasing companies unfeasible, Airbus said.
 Rhone Capital competed against Triton Advisers in the final stages of the sale process for carbon black, which makes pigments and tire-reinforcing materials, said the people, who declined to be identified because talks are private.
 Americans are believed to have lost millions of dollars in the scheme, according to an FBI official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the criminal investigation remains open.
 The system is more stable than making power directly from the sun using photovoltaic cells because heat can be stored, and it’s more suitable to be retrofitted onto a coal-burning plant.
” Brinkley said he favored the merger because it would boost resources and productivity.
 “Now they can’t because HP and Juniper came in and said to consumers, ‘Why are you paying for all that extra stuff.
 Even if they bolster reserves, G-7 officials may remain wary of intervening because the size of the market has more than doubled since the late 1990s.
 That’s because investors can now sell the yen in the knowledge that the G-7 will likely offset any renewed rise, he said.
 The person who confirmed Cohen’s involvement was granted anonymity because the matter is private.
 Porsche is still tabulating the final results of the share sale that ended at midnight, the person said, declining to be identified because the results are not yet public.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 No decisions have been made, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
html BP Plc’s Russian partners in TNK-BP rejected an offer from BP and OAO Rosneft to purchase their 50 percent holding in TNK-BP because the partners, known as AAR, put an “impossibly high” valuation on TNK-BP of about $70 billion, British Broadcasting Corp.
 China’s saving rate, at about 55 per cent of GDP, is one of the highest recorded and because China has become a large economy, the extent of that annual flow of saving is now globally very significant.
 This bi-lateral focus can be quite troubling, and not only because it risks over-simplifying problems and therefore lessening the likelihood of solutions.
 He liked the idea of doing eight or 10 deals a year -- making introductions among executives and investors, and leaving the math and paperwork to others, said the executive, who didn’t want to be named because his conversations with Gupta were private.
 holding subsidiaries because the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 would otherwise force the divisions to comply with the same capital rules as domestic banks.
 First-round bids were submitted last week, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The valuation of the business has been hurt because competitors introduced generic versions of one of its products, the BenzaClin topical acne treatment, one person said.
 “They’ve tried to enter into a building because a guy that supported Gbagbo is living there,” said resident Moussa Traore.
html The Japanese government should stop trying to forecast when a major quake will hit near Tokyo because models behind the predictions are flawed, according to a geophysicist.
 Forties cargo F0701 was advanced by two days to load on June 29 to July 1, two days earlier than the original schedule, said two traders with knowledge of the loading program, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Enviromentalists oppose Keystone in part because they say production and use of bitumen releases more greenhouse gases tied to climate change compared with conventional forms of crude.
 The State Department has jurisdication because the pipeline crosses an international border.
 “In the case of natural gas, it went through a transformation because of its technology, whereas today the markets have gone through a transformation because what influences them is changing.
 Market Outlook “The bond sale will be well-received by the market because Ayala Land has good credit standing,” Miguel Agarao, an analyst at brokerage Wealth Securities Inc.
 “This compromise is basically quite toothless,” because the supply of permits will be returned to the market straight after being withdrawn, said Patrick Hummel, an analyst for UBS AG in Zurich.
, hasn’t decided on the size or timing of a share sale, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 meeting with the Taliban is likely in a few days, according to a State Department official who asked not to be identified because the diplomacy is private.
 Whatever the case, it's increasingly clear that traders are very sensitive to the economic outlook for 2015 to 2018 because this is what will drive the Fed's short-rate policies.
 Vodafone this week told Kabel Deutschland it would be willing to pay 85 euros a share, compared with the offer of 80 euros to 82 euros the German company initially rejected, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 presidential elections, Obama and Merkel’s European peers at the G-20 summit in Mexico in June 2012 jointly urged her to show markets that the euro area stood behind its biggest economies, two officials from G-20 delegations taking part in the talks said on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
 But it's okay, they say, because investors and businesses trust them to hit 2 percent inflation eventually.
 The vaccine targets teenagers because it needs to be given before a person becomes sexually active to prevent cervical cancer as an adult.
 3, less than a third of its peak rate, and gained 7 percent in its most recent quarter, when it recalled one of its most popular line of pants because the fabric was too sheer.
 The Seoul-based company purchased about 50,000 metric tons in total yesterday at a premium of $3 a ton to Japan benchmark prices, the people said, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Williams could have avoided the fee because the government offers borrower assistance programs entirely for free.
” Such companies are proliferating because borrowers are buckling under the weight of student loans , which now total $1 trillion, exceeding all other consumer debt aside from mortgages.
 Student loans are among the most onerous forms of debt because they can rarely be canceled through bankruptcy.
” Student Loan Relief’s programs are unique because they are packages of government programs, said Jason Spencer, its chief executive officer.
 Williams, the Cleveland borrower who supports a 17-year-old son, turned to a debt-relief company because she faced the prospect of wage garnishment on her defaulted loans, she said.
 In some cases, they said they charged $20 to $50 a month -- a practice the center called “suspect” because income-based plans require only the filing of annual paperwork about eligibility.
 Tel Aviv Israel considers the S-300 an offensive weapon because Syria could use it against airplanes over Tel Aviv, Minister of International Relations Yuval Steinitz said May 28.
 It's too bad Republicans did all that stuff about pain, within-the-womb masturbation and rape not resulting in pregnancies, because they have a legitimate point about when viability begins.
 That’s because what happens to business in Canada matters for the Bank of Canada .
 Not just because we care - which, let me assure you, we do.
5, fine particulates that pose the greatest health risks because they can enter the bloodstream, was in a range between 232 and 291 micrograms per cubic meter, according to a 24-hour NEA reading as at 12 p.
 On our side, we cannot do it because its a sovereignty issue.
 “And I come here for this city of hope because the test of our time demands the same fighting spirit that defined Berlin a half-century ago.
 People just don’t give the domestics credit because for 30 years they were laggards.
 While Ford has improved its touch-screen and voice-control systems, that’s not translating to bigger gains in initial quality scores because the availability of the technology is spreading to more of its vehicles, Sargent said.
 “This would make it much more difficult for women to have access to women’s health care, because longer distances mean more time off for work and more challenges in arranging child care.
 Hegar said he took out the ban from his bill because it lacked enough support to pass.
 Parliamentarians have criticized it because the terms of the agreement were dictated by the U.
 Forward-thinking leaders at the foundation offered funding in precisely this area because they thought it would pave the way to a world of new technologies.
 “But if our prime minister says something, it’s because he knows something.
 Quarterly Peak Revenue from trading typically peaks in the first quarter, in part because companies issue more debt at the beginning of the year, stoking banks’ fixed-income business.
 Trading volume, an indicator of performance, may not correlate directly with revenue because banks also can profit from changes in the value of the securities they hold and transaction fees that may not be related to volume.
 “The cash shortage may get even worse before the quarter-end because banks will have to hoard cash to meet loan-to-deposit ratio requirements,” said Chen Qi, a strategist at UBS Securities Co.
’” BB Seguridade, a unit of state-run Banco do Brasil SA , sped up its sale plans because it was concerned the market would deteriorate, according to Leonardo Mattedi, the insurer’s investors relations director.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “That just angered people because it took the choice away from them about how they play,” Pachter said by telephone yesterday.
 “For many investors, Croatia used to be a beautiful place but not a market for investment because they worried about the security of ownership or legal problems,” Wiesmeyer, the owner of Istra-Fortuna d.
 Freddie Mac ’s survey, which is lagging behind the bond slump because it reflects originator responses through yesterday, showed average rates falling to 3.
 Jorge Montepeque, Platts director of market reporting, said at the forum today that the company keeps its vetting of potential participants in price assessments private because it covers confidential or commercially sensitive information.
 side as our growth side, so we’re going to be investing and developing new channels because they are profitable,” Chief Executive Officer Andrew Bonamour, 42, said today in a telephone interview.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Parliamentarians criticized it because the terms of the program, such as fines, were determined by the U.
55 billion term loan B and a $500 million term A piece, according to a person with knowledge of that transaction, who asked not to be identified because the deal is private.
 District officials reject that criticism as too simplistic because the decision not to close high schools also considered the number of students affected, distances they’d have to travel and preparation time.
” City’s Gamble At the May 22 meeting at which the board voted on the closings, Byrd-Bennett said that the district must reallocate resources because it has 145,000 fewer school-age children than in 2000.
 The Tanzanian government has held off granting the permits because it is currently drafting a gas policy after recent discoveries of offshore gas reserves.
 “We think local broadcast will be a good business because residential real estate and the auto business are coming back,” Smead said in an interview.
 shale industry after exploration was held up because drilling by Cuadrilla caused two earth tremors in 2011.
html Sugar millers in Brazil ’s center south, the main growing region of the world’s biggest producer, may direct more cane to making ethanol than currently forecast because rains are delaying the harvest and limiting ethanol supplies, according to the International Sugar Organization .
 “If you draw the conclusion that I just said that our policies -- that our purchases will end in the middle of next year, you’ve drawn the wrong conclusion, because our purchases are tied to what happens in the economy,” he said.
 With those conditions waning, volatility has increased, which is negative for the carry trade because it depends on predictable interest rates across jurisdictions.
5 percentage points initially proposed, said a person with knowledge of the transaction who asked not to be identified because terms are private.
 A debate scheduled for tomorrow in Nancy, northeastern France , will be delayed because a similar meeting earlier this week was disrupted by protests, organizers said today in a statement.
 But because there are no clear federal guidelines saying if or when the public should be evacuated during an oil spill, health officials had to use a patchwork of scientific and regulatory data designed for other situations.
 That gap will be increasingly important, because over the next few years the industry plans to build or expand more than 10,000 miles of oil pipelines—including the Keystone XL.
 But none of the regulators could give Rutherford a definitive answer on whether to evacuate, because none of the existing guidelines applied to their specific situation.
 Robin Carbaugh, an ombudswoman appointed by Salt Lake City's mayor to help residents after the Utah spill, said voluntary evacuations can be problematic because people are reluctant to trust their own judgment.
 Krzyzanowski, the Ontario-based consultant, said the science is inherently imperfect because it is based primarily on rodent and tissue culture studies.
 "It kind of defeats the purpose of being a mobile phone because it's no longer mobile,” MacCrate said.
’s first permanent English settlement in 1607, made the list because a proposed transmission line project threatens its scenic beauty.
 The images were also misleading because no official decision had been taken by Hungary to open its western border.
 Charlemagne Prize The official opening of the border, in September, was delayed by a few days because Nemeth rescheduled it after officials including Horn leaked the date, Naplo said.
 Much of that increase is zero-sum: Income that once might have gone to workers is now diverted to the C-suite, because executives have more bargaining power.
 Wider Appeal It’s a shame that Baker frames his book as advice for progressives because his argument should also appeal to conservatives.
 Taiwan’s only publicly traded oil refiner purchased at a discount of $1 to $3 a metric ton to Japan prices, the traders said, asking not to be named because the information is confidential.
 “It is very important to give a signal to investors, especially in the financial markets, that they don’t need to have a worry about the fuel-price adjustment because the government will do it anyway,” said Basri, who has a doctorate in economics and a masters in economic development from Australian National University , according to his website .
 “Investors want to hear some reassuring news and if they don’t the markets could be volatile because they want to hear that quantitative easing is not going to be withdrawn any time soon, and that there is support for the economy,” said Justin Urquhart Stewart, who helps oversee about $6.
 This is usually either because the person or persons from whom you are seeking forgiveness really aren't interested in forgiving, or because the transgression itself is deemed unforgivable.
 But more often than not, your apology falls flat because you're apologizing the wrong way .
 Sunseeker Wanda decided to buy Sunseeker because it is building three yacht clubs in China and each needs at least 10 yachts, Wang said.
 The lower side is also limited because at the lower levels, a lot of support is coming.
 The government will refrain from issuing sovereign guarantees to public companies for any new debt because it has to pay 3 billion dinars in activated guarantees after Srbijagas JP gas monopoly failed to service its debts.
 Again, it’s a wash because A would have done something else with his savings.
 because security concerns prevent them from winning major network contracts.
 The clashes centered in part on plans to sell K&G, a men’s, women’s and children’s apparel chain, and to buy back shares, said the person, who asked not to be named because the matter is private.
 In an editorial published on June 17, China’s government-controlled Global Times newspaper said extraditing Snowden would be an “unwise decision” because the response would bring trouble to Hong Kong and the mainland.
 “Demand is stronger because the retailer and the wholesaler did a very good job of spooking people on tight beef supplies and switched over their promotions to a cheaper product, pork,” Don Roose , the president of U.
 dollar could benefit in the near-term versus euro and Japanese yen because expectations of tapering likely brought forward,” said Brian Kim, a currency strategist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s RBS Securities unit in Stamford , Connecticut .
 The rebels were quick to tell me that they only grew beards because the more radical Islamists among them had the best weapons, and would only supply these weapons to like-minded rebels.
88 dollars and is at seasonal highs in part because the value of RINs has surged to 90 cents from 7 cents on Jan.
 Connors was killed because the gang feared he was talking too much about its murder of another man, he said.
 Martorano said he and Bulger arranged for Wheeler to be killed because he refused to sell them his World Jai Alai gambling operations in Miami, which threatened their illegal profit skimming operation worth $10,000 a week.
 The Bulger gang killed John Callahan, a gang associate who was president of World Jai Alai and the instigator of the Wheeler murder, because they feared he was planning on cooperating with authorities and turning them in, Martorano testified.
 While Airbus SAS’s A320neo is still in the running as Ryanair seeks to add re-engined single-aisle aircraft, the Boeing model has an advantage because it offers nine more seats, O’Leary said at the Paris Air Show .
 Avalere said rates won’t rise dramatically by then, partly because large rate increases are subject to government review.
 For example, greater speed and acceleration conflicts directly with fuel efficiency, noise, and weight, because higher speed and acceleration require a more powerful engine.
 “Huace’s productions are always popular because it has a track record for creating high-quality shows,” said James Hu, a Shanghai-based analyst at Capital Securities Corp.
 “When I’m mayor, I’ll fight day and night to help the teachers of New York, because you are critical to the future,” Thompson said.
 The government will prefer to keep the won relatively weak because the economy remains export driven, he said in a Nov.
 Rajoy says he’ll block any referendum Mas holds because it would be unconstitutional.
 “Those companies with more aggressive expansions may fall out of favor first because their planning has to change more radically.
 9 to cut jobs and delay decisions on projects because it expects slower growth in China, its largest customer.
 The amount of revenue from corporate taxes has been declining since the 1950s because loopholes and preferences keep multiplying.
 “This decree is a disaster on many levels because it undermines judicial principles that have been in place for decades.
 The cash would be paid to holders of the Shariah-compliant notes, or sukuk, once a lockup agreement between Dana Gas and its creditors is signed, likely later this month, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 This strategy failed, but not because the voters decided that, on reflection, maybe they didn’t want change.
 It was because Romney is unconvincing in the role of change agent.
 Carney will speak to executives on global economic issues and household debt while Dickson, who heads the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, will focus on risk management issues such as new capital requirements, the person said on condition they not be identified because the Nov.
 The issuer then postponed the offering, a person familiar with the matter said 17 months ago, asking not to be identified because the details were private.
 The company will meet investors next week in New York and London, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
9 billion) for Avio, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private, leaving GE to pursue the acquisition.
 “There are many CDMA licenses that are redundant today because the companies stopped operations.
 UBS officials believe the fine over Adoboli’s losses shouldn’t be the FSA’s highest-ever because the bank was a victim and no clients lost money, according to one of the people.
 Union Investment bought debt of the two nations recently, instead of Indonesian notes, because their currencies have been more stable than the falling rupiah, Sergey Dergachev, a senior portfolio manager in Frankfurt , said in a Nov.
 Pioneer plans to buy new issues from Thailand because it has a better credit rating than the other countries, Yerlan Syzdykov, who oversees emerging-market bonds, said in a Nov.
 The bold solution for Ukraine is definitely the IMF because the IMF requires them to carry out the policies that would eliminate deficits.
 There was no settlement yesterday because floor trading was closed for the Thanksgiving holiday.
 “The major task for GM would be to reinforce their positioning in the luxury segment because this is a segment that is continuing to grow,” said Klaus Paur, Shanghai-based global head of automotive coverage at researcher Ipsos.
 “It’s difficult because you destroy one tunnel, they build another, but it affects our national security, so we try to secure this area from illegal smuggling, rockets and drugs,” el Keshky said.
 “I’m a buyer, not because I think the spread is going to tighten massively, but because there is still a good pick-up in yields,” he said in an e-mailed reply to questions yesterday.
 “The government is applying extreme pressure on Martoma because they probably have decided he is the one person who can make the case against Cohen,” said John Coffee , a securities law professor at Columbia University .
 Moving cash is a lot easier and more transparent than moving grain, and seemingly more effective: recipients of the cash had better diets, and ration shops actually improved the quality of their food, presumably because they were worried about customers going elsewhere.
 Eric Jackson , president of Ironfire Capital LLC, which had bet on RIM shares to fall in the past, said he bought the stock yesterday because he expects a surge of upgrades from loyal BlackBerry customers.
 Bertelsmann, Europe ’s largest media company, may team up with a private-equity fund like KKR or a sovereign wealth fund, two of the people said, asking not to be identified because talks are private.
 and Mediobanca SpA (MB) , are sending sales documents to potential buyers this month for the 139-year-old wealth manager, said the people, asking not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 That accord succeeded because it allowed both sides to claim victory, Ben Dor said.
 We’re absolutely focused on the SUV market because it is a very fast- growing market.
 Premiums for the three months starting in January may drop about 4 percent from fees this quarter that ranged between $253 and $255 a metric ton over the London Metal Exchange cash price, said the executives, representing suppliers and buyers, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Siam Pitak, the anti-government group holding the rally, aims to attract half a million people, according to spokesman Watchara Ritthakhanee, who welcomed the use of the internal security law because it would help prevent violence.
 “The bonds and warrants are falling because investors are worried Argentina will decide not to pay what Griesa wants and the ratings agencies will declare a selective default, forcing the real money investors to sell.
 And second, it’s common because Chinese officials routinely harass their subordinates.
6 percent of Alcatel-Lucent’s shares are on loan, an indication of short-selling, because borrowed stock is typically shorted, according to Markit.
 Some unemployed people have not contributed to the program because they have not worked in the past 12 months or their employment is not insured.
 “The candidates are all throwing out policy pledges to reduce household debt because it is the biggest risk in the Korean economy,” said Kim Hyeon Wook, an economist at the Seoul-based SK Research Institute and a former Bank of Korea adviser.
” South Koreans continued to expand debt while other advanced countries deleveraged after 2007 and 2008 because the country experienced less of a shock from the crisis, said Park Chang Gyun, a professor at Seoul-based Chung-Ang University business school.
 Previous efforts to tap the site failed because high pressure and temperatures foiled the drilling, he said.
 BlackBerry is also hurting because more companies are allowing employees to bring their iPhones to work and then add security to the devices, rather than issuing BlackBerrys to staff as they used to, Suva said.
 “Something’s got to give because you have a huge economy in Alberta and the rest of Canada dependent on getting this oil to market.
 Refiners invested more than $25 billion to upgrade plants in anticipation of added volumes from Canada that theoretically could improve the profits of processing crude because heavy oil has traditionally been cheaper.
 Talk of the 30-year-old bull market’s end is “premature” because benchmark 10-year note yields may head lower before they settle into a higher trading range of 2.
1 percent of Bertelsmann according to the company’s website, engineered the ouster of former CEO Thomas Middelhoff in 2002 because he sought to sell shares to fund faster growth, investors said at the time.
 Bristol-Myers proposed an acquisition at $22 a share, which Amylin’s board turned down last month, according to two people with knowledge of the matter who declined to be identified because the approach was private.
 “The question is who can extract the most value, because this is all a commercialization story from here,” Schimmer said today in a telephone interview.
 Mistake Hurts “The goal just before the break hurt us because they failed to create many chances before that,” Marseille coach Didier Deschamps said on UEFA’s website.
 Mantega organized the meeting because banks have been increasing loan rates even as the central bank cuts the benchmark interest rate, according to the Sao Paulo-based newspaper.
 BM&FBovespa said it doesn’t plan to set aside money as provision for the case because its attorneys assign a low probability that the unfavorable ruling will be upheld by higher courts.
 Express Scripts will probably get a Federal Trade Commission ruling on the deal as early as March 30, said two people familiar with the case who declined to be identified because the review is private.
 Low Rates Many companies are raising more money through bond sales because interest rates are low, the Toronto-based strategist wrote.
 Energy producers are another possibility, he added, because they have relatively little debt.
 Prices are poised to rise because carmakers are still using the most metal ever, with the prospect of shortages because of less supply from state reserves in Russia , the biggest producer, the bank estimates.
 (MHS) , said two people familiar with the case who declined to be identified because the review is private.
 Many companies are raising more money through bond sales because interest rates are low, the Toronto-based strategist wrote.
 Energy producers are another possibility, he added, because they have relatively little debt.
 The World Bank has to be primarily, in my view, about growth because without growth you cannot develop health and education.
 The fund, which will refinance the COA Tempus CLO, includes a $287 million slice rated AAA by Standard & Poor’s , said the people, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
” Soccer’s governing body will have to change because the Swiss population has started to pay closer attention to its actions, Buechel said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “It reduces pressure on public accounts mainly because pension payments, in the current system, are a burden to government and to society,” he said in a telephone interview from Sao Paulo .
 is assembling the required rights from pay-TV carriers and sports organizations, said the people, who requested anonymity because talks are private.
 23 in favor of the drug because few treatments exist for the blood-pressure drop known as neurogenic orthostatic hypotension.
 Shenker, the lawyer for team owner Frank McCourt , late March 27 called off yesterday’s scheduled gathering of the bidders in the New York offices of Dewey & Leboeuf LLP, according to two people who were granted anonymity because the process was confidential.
 The auction took place over several weeks and differed from the sale of any other Major League Baseball team, in part because it was overseen by Farnan, the retired federal judge.
 KfW has “room for maneuver” because only 500 million euros to 600 million euros of the aid has been granted, he said.
 It’s proving difficult to raise prices because the industry is awash with excess capital, Savage said in a telephone interview.
 The Congressional Budget Office, responsible for gauging the potential effects on the plan, has said it can’t predict the outcome because the Republican approach would be so novel.
” “I haven’t done a very good job as a candidate because it is so difficult to communicate big solutions in this country,” he said.
 Amit Mehta, a lawyer for Strauss-Kahn, told the judge that the complaint must be dismissed because he was entitled to immunity when his attorneys were served with the lawsuit in early August, while prosecutors still had his travel documents.
” Strauss-Kahn wasn’t entitled to immunity when his lawyers were served with Diallo’s suit because he had already resigned his position at the IMF, Douglas Wigdor, one of Diallo’s attorneys, said in court today.
 “Such attacks are ideal for North Korea” because they can be done anonymously, and they “have been increasingly employed against a variety of targets including military, governmental, educational and commercial institutions.
 “Only in an illogical Alice-in-Wonderland world would a shareholder be deemed to be conflicted from representing the interests of other shareholders because he is, well, a shareholder too,” Loeb, CEO of New York investment firm Third Point LLC, said in the letter.
 Romney is the likely Republican nominee because he has accumulated more than twice as many national convention delegates as Santorum, according to the Associated Press tally.
 Many physicians already refuse to see Medicare patients because reimbursement rates are often below those of private payers.
3 billion, according to a person familiar with the situation who was granted anonymity because no one is authorized to discuss the process publicly.
20 a barrel more than benchmark dated Brent, according to two traders who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “Newcrest is in a difficult situation because it made a lot of promises on the Lihir acquisition and they are not being delivered,” Raw said.
 “That’s because nobody knows their value as the company is unlisted.
” John Roberts: “Can the government require you to buy a cell phone because that would facilitate responding when you need emergency services .
” Sonia Sotomayor: “There is government compulsion in almost every economic decision because the government regulates so much.
 -- Late-enrollment penalty: The single-payer approach only holds for “most of” Medicare because the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit works a bit differently.
 “We did it because we were concerned about the specter of single payer insurance, which isn’t market-oriented, and we didn’t think was a good idea,” Pauly told me last year.
 The Medicare (FFSOMED) Part D model doesn’t really work as an alternative to the individual mandate because it requires the federal government to set the cost of premiums.
 That’s possible with the over-65 set, because the government controls the market.
 The mandate is considered more effective than tax credits because people seem more inclined to take action to avoid penalties than to receive benefits.
 “Just because the government does have the power to do X, doesn’t mean they have the power to do Y, even if Y has the same effect as X,” he says.
 chemical maker, said domestic supplies of natural gas shouldn’t be exported “indiscriminately” because the industry is counting on continued low prices to justify factory investments.
 The demand letter from the filmmaker Golden Eye International may cause the recipients “unnecessary distress” because it could be read as a threat to make their names public, the court said and the Telegraph reported.
 The court rejected other applications seeking personal data from O2 subscribers in favor of Golden Eye because it will pursue the alleged illegal downloaders on its own rather than passing on the data to a third-party enforcer, according to the newspaper.
, Vietnam ’s state-owned oil-marketing company, offered to sell two cargoes of Chim Sau crude for loading in May totaling 550,000 barrels, said two traders, declining to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “For UniCredit, liquidity is not an issue because we have good access to the wholesale market,” the CEO said.
 “It’s critical because without a success the movement will be quickly written off as a fad,” she said.
 Lugar had an embarrassing setback March 15 when a Democratic-dominated local election board determined he is ineligible to vote in the state because he sold his Indiana home in 1977.
 “They were successful with Senator Bennett two years ago, and they’re trying to do it again with Senator Hatch because it helps their fundraising efforts.
 The shipment with parcel number F0406 was removed from the program, said the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 “We’ve been encouraging Fannie and Freddie to take another look at the map, at the economics of the finance because we think there is a strong case in some circumstances to add principal reduction as part of their strategies to help maximize return of the taxpayer,” Geithner testified today to a subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
 Small-business sentiment is rising, which Sommer said is encouraging because these companies make up the largest portion of the labor market.
 GSO invested its first mezzanine fund in few European companies because many of the capital structures were overleveraged, Chartoff said.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “We think that the weight of responsibility rests with Khartoum, because the use of heavy weaponry, bombing runs by planes and the like are certainly evidence of disproportionate force on the part of the government in Khartoum,” Clinton told reporters in Washington yesterday.
 In this case, the assets were TruPS, securities typically issued by banks that counted as capital for regulatory purposes because they rank between common stock and senior debt in a bankruptcy.
 TruPS are rated lower than bonds issued by the banks would be because they rank lower in bankruptcy, Albulescu wrote in the March 16 report.
 Representatives of Facebook instructed firms that help investors buy and sell stock in closely held companies to cease trading of its equity this week, said the people, who asked to not be identified because the conversations were private.
 While the trading of startup shares lets early employees and investors make money from holdings, it has come under regulatory scrutiny because the transactions can lure investors who may not understand the company and the risks involved.
 (ANZ) and State Bank of India (SBIN) as underwriters on the loan, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 If they just listened to me and argued less things would be better because I am not only the finance minister, I am the one who looks at the overall economic picture.
 “When I signal that I want a weaker baht, that’s because I really want it that way.
 Chris Eaton , who is leaving in May to join the International Centre for Sport Security in Qatar , said his plan to start a similar telephone service for players and officials to report match-fixing was suspended by FIFA president Sepp Blatter because the organization is undergoing changes following corruption scandals.
 Adverse weather in parts of the Midwest will have a limited impact on production because the fast start to U.
, which runs the world’s biggest bond fund, said it’s “cautious” on euro-area government debt even after the Greek debt restructuring because risks remain that Greece will leave the single-currency area.
 Privatization Battle Private companies cannot simply offload their unfunded employee costs onto the taxpayer, the way the public unions do, because they have to control their costs.
5 billion euros ($6 billion) for Actavis, two of the people said, declining to be identified because the talks are private.
5 billion, people familiar with the sale deliberations, who were granted anonymity because the bidding process was confidential, said last month.
 The auction took place over several weeks and differed from the sale of any other Major League Baseball team, in part because it was overseen by a retired federal judge.
 The company also offered two 100,000-ton cargoes of East Siberian Pacific Ocean Pipeline, or ESPO, crude for loading in May and early June in a separate tender, according to the people, who declined to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Schaeuble and Merkel spoke to lawmakers from their Christian Democratic Union, according to officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because the briefing was private.
 bond- underwriting chief accused of stabbing a New York cab driver over a fare, William Bryan Jennings, asked a Connecticut judge to dismiss the prosecution because the alleged victim contradicted himself in statements to the police, a defense lawyer said in a filing.
 He told police the driver cut his hand trying to grab the knife from him, which he said he wielded because he feared he was being abducted.
 I guess it’s because it is made from natural tobacco.
 While demand for cigarettes has declined steadily, tobacco shares have brushed off surging volatility during the financial crisis and Europe ’s debt crisis because smokers are reluctant to scale back when cigarette prices rise or the economy struggles.
 “The majority of the people haven’t got the money to buy whatever they need because they keep cutting pensions, wages, everything,” said Leonidis Gialamas, 68, a pensioner in Dafni.
 Obama, too, draws sympathy, partly because economics is not his main area, either.
 (Back in 2009, Moscow actually had to send its own police to the Far Eastern town of Vladivostok to disperse a demonstration against higher import tariffs on automobiles, because the local force refused to get involved.
 Republican Resolution While the Republican resolution is certain to die in the Senate, where Democrats have said they don’t intend to adopt a budget plan this year, it is noteworthy because it represents what Republicans say they would do over time if they won the White House and gained full control of Congress.
” He also said that it’s unfair to compare the range of government services in his budget to current ones because those will have to be slashed anyway in order to avoid financial turmoil.
 “To measure anything against today, and the world as we know it, is an intellectually dishonest exercise because the world as we know it is unsustainable because of the explosion in debt,” he said.
” While Glu Mobile is losing money, the company would still be a good takeover candidate because a buyer could reduce expenses by firing some of its approximately 575 employees , said Tom Taulli , who analyzes acquisitions and public offerings for the Los Angeles-based website IPOPlaybook.
 Euro-area finance ministers will lift the aid ceiling from 500 billion euros at a meeting March 30 in Copenhagen and may speed up payments into the planned permanent rescue fund, the official told reporters in Brussels today on condition of anonymity because no decisions have been made.
 That’s because the U.
 “It is not an ideal final tournament because you will have to have a few of the third ones who qualify as well.
 “This is probably not because we are so smart as doctors,” he said.
 “It is fiscal year end and you’re seeing these flows, especially because the yen was at very good levels to take profit.
” Chamberlain wasn’t expected to return to the Yankees until June or July because he was recovering from elbow ligament replacement surgery last year.
 Hong Kong is focusing on connectivity and product mix instead of speed for development because a local transaction tax discourages high-frequency trading.
 The bourse chose the name Orion because it is one of the brightest star groupings, visible from almost anywhere on the planet.
 “October was a good month because the equity markets did well,” said Don Steinbrugge , managing partner of Agecroft Partners LLC, a Richmond, Virginia-based consulting firm that advises hedge funds and investors.
 Debt costs would rise in real, or inflation-adjusted terms, and because companies have many fixed costs, profits would erode, possibly leading to a cycle of job cuts, further declines in prices and collapsing demand.
 The ECB purchased 10-year bonds, the traders said under condition of anonymity because the deals are confidential.
 The ECB’s bond-buying program differs from so-called quantitative easing policies pursued by the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England because the central bank mops up the liquidity created by the purchases, meaning the net effect on the money supply is neutral.
 The wins by the Tea Party-supported candidates also will likely present House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio, the speaker-in-waiting, with a chamber that is more polarized -- in part because as the new Tea Party-affiliated members take their seats, a like number of self-described fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats are leaving the House, through either retirements or election defeats.
 The coach said they were left behind because they need work, not because of a dispute with the pair, the Sun said.
 would be $259 billion, because almost 30 percent of the funds would come back to Treasury as dividend payments on its holdings of senior preferred stock.
 On the other, the supply is limited because both depositors and financial institutions are trying to curb growth in dollar holdings to avoid exchange-rate risks.
 are reluctant to raise prices because consumers have cut back on spending, according to Judith Russell, executive editor of the Apparel Strategist , a monthly newsletter on the textile industry.
 And it’s because he knew from the shape and size of the San Manuel side what the shape and size of the Kalamazoo side would be.
 “In Brazil, there is no risk of bubbles because we took measures that block exaggerated inflows.
 Treasury was seeking a split-adjusted price of $30 a share, referred to as the “Obama number” by officials in the administration, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks were private.
, as servicer for $825 million in mortgage debt on 45 of Innkeepers’ properties, notes that Fried Frank may not be independent because the firm, in other matters, represents Apollo Investment Corp .
 Briefly Noted Agri-Best Seeks to Sell 20,000 Pounds of Strip Steak Agri-Best Holdings LLC , a processor and distributor of meat products for the restaurant industry, has 8,133 cases of choice strip steak, much of which is on hand because a customer refused to take delivery on an order.
 Berlusconi, 74, knew the girl because she attended a party at his house with other young women and was given cash and gifts by the premier for attending, she said in an interview in Oggi magazine published yesterday.
6 million) because it missed a deadline for building a road to the property.
 “It’s significant because it will give a level of guidance and understanding that the Federal Reserve did not use before,” said Thomas Sowanick , chief investment officer and co-president of Omnivest Group LLC in Princeton, New Jersey, which has $1 billion under advisory.
html Serbia’s central bank may raise interest rates for the fourth time since August next week because mounting price pressures and a weaker dinar threaten its inflation targets.
 Reaching an accord on taxes is a crucial item on the lame-duck agenda because the Bush-era tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 expire Dec.
 The debt buying is known as quantitative easing because it aims to increase the quantity of money.
 That’s a good reason for the ECB to stop offering banks three-month cash at its benchmark rate of 1 percent because it discourages interbank lending, said Marco Valli , chief euro-area economist at UniCredit Global Research in Milan.
 I think the Republicans were scared of him because he was one of the few Democrats who polled better among men than women.
 The firm’s $347 million Clarium LP fund declined 1 percent last month, said the investor, asking not to be named because the information is private.
9 million in the third quarter, in part because it successfully forced mortgage bond sellers to buy back soured home loans.
 A company’s inclusion in the S&P 500 can be material because index funds are required to buy the shares to minimize tracking error, or the difference between the performance of the fund and the index.
 The company also said EBIT would be lower than prior quarters because it will be building a different mix of vehicles and engineering costs for future models will be higher.
 India has “good” potential to harness the sun’s rays to produce power because one can use barren or non-arable land for such ventures, Purka said.
 The Commission is prevented from stopping the contract because the matter has been heard by a U.
 Ruto is among 10 individuals Moreno-Ocampo wrote to requesting a meeting because their names are mentioned in statements by witnesses about clashes in the East African nation between December 2007 and February 2008, the Nairobi-based Daily Nation newspaper reported today.
” A PhosAgro offer isn’t viable because the Russian company is much smaller than Potash, Troika Dialog said.
 The extra yield investors demand to hold 10-year Treasuries instead of bunds may drop because the ECB is not likely to follow the Fed decision to extend its asset purchases, Lloyds TSB Corporate Markets said.
 “People will very much want to be here because it will be the only game in town,” said Larry A.
 “We suspended trading in the shares of 48 companies because they did not submit their financial statements and any company that failed to do this by the end of this month will be delisted from the exchange,” Ikazoboh said in an interview in Lagos yesterday.
 “The thing is how do you put up speed bumps to ensure while we benefit from flows we don’t put the economy at total risk because rapid movements in and out of those funds.
’” Opposition lawmakers have said that Canada risks suffering a “hollowing out” when foreigners buy large corporations, because head-office-related jobs vanish.
 “It’s good to be a boy scout, because the way you treat investors generally is going to affect the economic climate within the country.
 The court might deadlock 4-4 because Elena Kagan, the newest justice, has disqualified herself.
 Hong Kong’s Court of Final Appeal said in February that Kissel’s conviction was flawed because the judge wrongly allowed hearsay evidence and prosecutors improperly questioned her during the trial.
 Bids weren’t high enough to keep pursuing an auction, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
” The private-equity firms that had bid on the unit are now trying to determine whether it’s final, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 He called Johnston because his mother told him to.
 Investors who buy assets from banks should pay less because it will take them longer to seize and sell homes, Shawn Miller, chief executive officer of Arch Bay Capital LLC, said on Oct.
 Penn dodged the hundreds of layoffs, construction delays, discounted sales of illiquid investments and debt issuance of several of its peer institutions because the university was less dependent on its fund, getting 10 percent of its budget from endowment earnings, Marks said.
 “The OFT’s own survey found that over nine out of 10 customers did not switch from bank to bank because they were either happy where they were or found their bank convenient,” Mairs said.
 Fablyn was rejected by the FDA in September 2005 as a medicine to prevent osteoporosis because the agency had concerns it may cause cancer in the lining of the uterus, according to Pfizer.
 “That protection cannot be overcome because it makes it more difficult for the government to prove its case.
 Put selling is favorable because prices for the contracts have remained high relative to calls that give the right to buy shares, the London-based strategists said.
 Deflation is deepening because no one believes it will be defeated over the next several years.
 Namibia hasn’t cut its key rate to the same level as South Africa because credit demand in Namibia recovered faster than in its larger neighbor, Shiimi said.
 “During the up cycle, when South Africa was increasing interest rates, we stayed behind at some point because we thought South Africa went too far,” Shiimi said.
 The builder of solar power plants delayed the offer after investors balked at the price indicated by the company, said the people who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Same-store sales, a key indicator of a retailer’s growth because new and closed locations are excluded, have increased every month since September 2009.
 She declined to comment on specifics because negotiations continue.
, said the person, who declined to be identified because the conversations are private.
 and Deutsche Bank AG will manage the bond sale, according to a person familiar with the negotiations, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 Government approval of a takeover would be necessary because BHP is a foreign company.
’s $40 billion bid for Potash, the world’s largest fertilizer company, because the proposed takeover, which would have been the country’s second-largest, doesn’t provide a “net benefit” to Canada, Industry Minister Tony Clement said in a statement yesterday.
 “I don’t think people are concerned that the Washington market is going to fall off a cliff because the Republicans have come back.
 “I don’t think we should be put in a position where we aren’t trying to help homeowners through this strife because people want us to foreclose faster,” he said.
 They plan to return because many of them were not ready.
 , needs Russia because mature markets are stagnating and the remaining three biggest emerging markets already have dominant overseas carmakers.
 will write the first swaps, to be known as “credit risk mitigation” tools, according to three people with direct knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Working- class whites voted Republican primarily because they intensely dislike President Obama .
 Republicans will need every one of those votes because other, worrisome trends in the electorate continued this year.
 If Dino Rossi loses to Democratic incumbent Patty Murray , it will be because he failed to persuade Seattle suburbanites to back him.
 ‘Gotten Harder’ “The economics of these firms and their pay is less than we would have thought three or six months ago because things have clearly gotten harder,” said Alan Johnson , president and founder of Johnson Associates.
 That’s a good reason for the ECB to stop offering banks three-month cash at its benchmark rate of 1 percent because it discourages interbank lending, said Marco Valli , chief euro-area economist at UniCredit Global Research in Milan.
 Commonfund hired Westport Capital Partners LLC in Connecticut to advise on refinancing its debt after violating loan covenants, according to the two people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 economist in London, said Geithner’s plan makes “important progress” by approaching the long-standing issue of misaligned exchange rates from a new angle, it may still be slow to work because current accounts are the result of many variables including business cycles, commodity supplies and cultural preferences on savings.
 The Dreamliner is almost three years behind schedule, partly because it relies on suppliers around the world to build complete sections of the aircraft, which are then flown to Boeing’s factory in Everett, Washington, and snapped together.
 Okano declined to provide further details because the investigation by U.
 “The depletion has stopped” because the central bank has taken necessary action to stop the dwindling of the reserves, Finance Minister Olusegun Aganga told reporters today in Abuja.
 Treasuries narrows, because purchases by the Federal Reserve may offset upcoming sales of the longer-dated securities, BNP Paribas SA said.
 While debt wasn’t reduced in the third quarter because no payments came due, Old Mutual will meet its obligations in 2012 without selling Nedbank and even should its planned initial public offer for its U.
 Incidents with 38 A380s in service draw more publicity than do other jets because airlines tout the double-decker plane as their flagship model.
875 cent to 99 cents on the dollar on the amendment news today, according to three people familiar with the trades, who declined to be identified because the transactions are private.
 Pension and money-market funds also invested in mortgage bonds because the securities offered higher returns than government bonds with the same AAA rankings.
 independent oil and gas producer, said production growth of oil and petroleum liquids this year may be less than the company forecast because some wells are producing more natural gas than expected.
 Genzyme garners premium prices from insurers and government payers because the therapies provide life-saving benefits.
 “Our market is directly tied to the banks because they are our custodians,” Seyam said in the interview today.
 “We need to make sure they are back to normal operations because we cannot afford to start and stop again.
 While owners of oil tankers and coal carriers are slowing down, anchoring ships and scrapping them because rental rates have been unprofitable, gas ships are sailing at the fastest speeds since at least 2008, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “It will benefit the LNG tanker owners more than anyone else because there are really very few additional tankers coming on line.
 The spot market in gas tankers started in the past four years because ships were still being delivered from yards as new LNG projects were delayed by financing or construction, according to Calum Kennedy, an analyst at Clarkson in London.
 “You have a much better market outlook in LNG than crude tankers because you still have oversupply in crude tankers.
 Real interest rates in emerging markets remain at “recession lows” because policy makers believe increases would pressure currency pegs to the dollar and risk exacerbating capital inflows, said chief economist Bruce Kasman in an interview in Beijing today.
 The earlier the better, because the Philippines is a standout across the region for not raising rates yet, to reassure the market that it’s prudent to act preemptively rather than reactively.
 “That will have a positive impact on growth because it will help to keep bond yields lower and encourage long-term lending.
 “The ECB is no longer in a position to pursue a clear monetary policy because it is running huge credit exposures,” he said in a speech last week.
 Threats from car manufacturers to leave Formula One because they were unhappy about the split of TV revenue were raging, making CVC’s bet riskier and lowering the price, he said.
5G because its performance is close to what 4G offers.
” Genzyme was also appealing because it would bootstrap Sanofi into biotechnology, an area in which the French company was weak, as well as provide a research presence in the U.
 and because British prosecutors are carrying out their own investigation.
 Borders said it hadn’t filed a budget because that might reveal competitive information.
 The German phone company picked Slovakia over Hungary because it uses the euro and its capital Bratislava is closer to Vienna, Hospodarske said.
 Thomas, a former Pimco managing director who worked there from 1995 until 2004, said he left in part because Pimco got too big.
 Deferred Deliveries About 5 billion cubic meters of pre-paid Russian gas is weighing on spot prices because customers have deferred delivery to a later date, said Thierry Bros, a senior analyst at Societe Generale SA.
 “I am more inclined to say that imports may fall if prices stay above $180 because Chinese mines are very active in production,” Xu said.
6 million tons because China took measures to rein in property speculations and as domestic mines increased output.
 A price correction may occur as soon as March because private steelmakers have been running at full capacity, leading to higher stockpiles, Mirae Asset Securities Ltd.
 and Rolls Royce Group Plc, in part because it employs people in his home state of Ohio .
 “It buys them a little bit of time, because they are closing stores that are a drain on cash flow ,” said Peter Wahlstrom, a retail analyst for Morningstar Investment Services in Chicago .
” Insurers lost money on the products in 2008 and 2009 because the funds backing them are generally invested in stocks.
 The supreme court in April overruled State Council judges who decided women couldn’t serve on the body that settles cases brought against the government because they are too emotional and too busy raising children.
 Myles Allen, co-author of the report and professor in the Department of Physics and School of Geography and the Environment, said the warming climate made the floods twice as likely because warm air holds more moisture, making heavy rainfalls more frequent, the newspaper said.
 AIG head Robert Benmosche has recently pointed out that the reason his firm has enjoyed such great success is precisely because it has avoided selling insurance to the large number of Americans who believe, as Benmosche put it, “that the government is responsible for what happens to me.
 Hunt said there will be no change to the program in relation to foreign racing because the levy supports British horseracing.
 The sale of 2031 and 2042 bonds will push up yields on later maturing bonds because investors will demand a higher rate as the central bank raises its benchmark lending rate to slow inflation, said Alberto Huarote, a portfolio manager at ING Fondos SAF, a Lima-based mutual fund.
” That’s “even more so because most central banks, including the ECB since mid-2008, use non-standard measures that primarily seek to restore a normal functioning of financial markets through liquidity injections in financial institutions, which are and have stayed generous,” he said.
 Bresnan was attractive because its facilities had been upgraded, it had underpenetrated markets, and there were favorable financing and tax attributes to the deal, Dolan said on the conference call.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 Doctors have embraced the approach because studies show it can be learned quickly, uses smaller incisions, causes less blood loss and speeds recovery.
 Applicants who have been out of work may struggle because their skills are more obsolete than those who are employed, said Cepero, vice president for human resources at the YMCA of Greater Rochester in New York .
 Jobless applicants were also turned down by a temporary staffing firm and a Texas recruiter because they were unemployed, she said.
 Goldman View Food prices are going higher because there is competition for limited arable land to boost supplies, said Jeff Currie, global head of commodities research at Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 “What is different this time is that there is less capability to rotate land because strong demand is exhausting total arable land.
” The drop to 2,695,598 residents was unexpected because annual census estimates since 2006 had shown the population holding steady or even increasing slightly.
 “The Retail Merchants are supportive of Rahm’s proposal because lowering the sales tax rate from one of the highest levels in the nation will make Chicago more competitive, support existing businesses and attract new ones.
 Starr has been unable to prepare a financial affidavit because the receiver appointed in the SEC case has refused to turn over his personal records,” Edwards said in the letter, referring to a civil suit brought against her client by the U.
 “So I’m very mindful and on the lookout for that because it might not be very pleasant if it happens.
” In a separate radio interview on “Bloomberg Surveillance” with Tom Keene today, O’Neill said mounting concerns about a pickup in global inflation was “good” because it will prompt policy makers to act.
 “But in that sense, we’re all sort of vigilantes and I think it’s very difficult for inflation to pick up significantly because it forces a policy response to stop it.
 “We made a conscious decision not to do it on our own because the price tag was prohibitive.
 That is in part because Coinstar faces a 28-day delay in getting new releases from studios including Comcast Corp.
 “It just stings when your team stinks and the reason why it stinks is because one billionaire screwed over another billionaire,” Preissler said.
 fell during the fourth quarter because potential buyers anticipated prices would decline further.
 Sharma told reporters in Tokyo today that he “urged the Prime Minister, who is the senior leader in my country, to look into the needs of industry, and accordingly to seek the Reserve Bank to ensure that credit remains available to industry at flexible rates, cheaper rates because we have to add capacities.
 Cash Upfront A higher COE price tends to hurt sales of cheaper cars more than luxury models because it accounts for a bigger percentage of the total cost.
 began restarting its Aruba refinery late yesterday, 12 days after the plant was shut because a tank collapse broke several pipes carrying petroleum products.
 Genzyme garners premium prices from insurers and government payers because the therapies provide life-saving benefits.
 is advising Boston-based Bain on options for FCI, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 ambassador to the UN, presented the deal to Arab ambassadors yesterday in an effort to avoid having to veto their resolution, according to the diplomats, who spoke on condition of not being identified because she wanted the proposal to be kept confidential.
 opposes “attempts to take these issues to this council and will continue to do so, because such action moves us no closer to the goal of a negotiated final settlement,” U.
 Glencore, the biggest commodity trader and Trafigura rival, may not be awarded any contracts by Norilsk, said the person, declining to be identified because the talks were private.
 That one is short-term, because fresh products have a short-term cycle and supply will improve rapidly, starting in the second quarter.
 Supreme Court Appeal The Al-Zayat company in December asked the Supreme Court to intervene, arguing the lower court’s ruling had “enormous, negative ramifications” for holders of sovereign debt, because it means nations can renege on obligations entered into by earlier governments.
” Garske, of Baker & Hostetler LLP in Washington, said the case may appeal to the justices because it pertains to the rights of individuals and companies to sue foreign governments, an issue the high court has shown previous interest in.
, not Germany, because they believed they were more likely to get a fair hearing, he said.
” The claims aren’t valid because Congress and the U.
 Mortimer Off Shore can’t validate its bonds even if the company wanted to, because the procedures to do so no longer exist, and never applied to territories that became East Germany, Garske said.
 All three German luxury carmakers also bucked the regional market decline, in part because fewer of their customers took up the earlier sales incentives that were focused on volume models.
 That’s unusual, he said, because sluggish growth and weak demand in earlier economic cycles sent prices lower for raw materials.
 “I think it’s a decision that’s going to be made country by country, with a great deal of hesitation because the U.
 The debt, sold to investors at par, rose to 101 cents today, said the person who declined to be identified because the trades are private.
 (This is fine by me because the less sway he has, the freer the rest of us are from his cramped view of the law).
 Others have said that live, oral arguments aren’t important because the lawyers have already laid out their positions on paper.
 Friends speculate that he stays mum because he dislikes engaging in open conflict.
 “Fighting is there because we like it.
 But in the case of Egypt the nature of the protests gives strong reason for optimism because history teaches that peaceful uprisings are likely to lead to real freedom, while violent ones usually end in a new tyranny.
 The Muslim Brotherhood wants quick elections because it is the only force that is organized.
 We have been buying Europe because the banking crisis in Europe caused many European stocks to get quite low.
 Gasoline and heating oil are vulnerable to changes in Brent because refineries supplying fuel to New York Harbor, the delivery point for heating oil and gasoline futures, use crude oil grades priced relative to the European oil.
 “On a personal note, I want to say that it’s hard for me to see him go, both in professional and human terms, because we always worked together very well.
 Boreh denied all charges and said the case was politically motivated and unfair because his lawyers were prevented from representing him.
 “You’ve got to be very concerned, particularly because it can affect the oil price, and if you have the oil price spike up another $20, $30, you could reenter a global recession,” Bill Belchere, global chief economist at Mirae Asset Securities, said in a Bloomberg Television interview in Hong Kong .
 The defeat, if sustained, may mean GE’s eventual exit from the fighter engine business because the F-35 is designed to replace all manned U.
 They decided against including funding because the Senate has enough votes to strip funding from the defense bills.
 “You aren’t going to do a deal just because your peers are doing a deal,” said Sachin Shah , a special situations and merger arbitrage strategist at Capstone Global in New York .
 ‘Have Some Edge’ “For Nasdaq, given that they’re the cheapest of the group, it’d be very hard for them to step up and buy a higher PE company because that would dilute shareholders,” said Goerz.
 Nasdaq may ultimately attract takeover offers because its stock is so cheap, according to William Karsh, former chief operating officer at Jersey City, New Jersey-based Direct Edge Holdings LLC, the third-largest U.
 14 that the end of Hosni Mubarak’s 30-year rule in Egypt resembles a “Berlin Wall moment” because it may open Middle Eastern countries to world trade.
5 billion project to produce fertilizer in Morocco because its rate of return rate is expected to be less than 9 percent a year, the Dau Tu newspaper reported, citing PetroVietnam.
 Future Protection “Resiliency first and foremost is protecting private property because so much of the private property destruction leads to the public infrastructure destruction,” Christie said.
 “It is a nonsense to have matches played without spectators because it is against the spirit of football and against the visiting team.
 The second, and more serious argument, is that the quality of rental housing just isn’t as good as what you can buy for yourself, partly because the new institutional landlords have less incentive to maintain their properties as well as someone who actually has to live there.
 “We view CCB’s provisioning levels as appropriate” because reserves increased by 3 percentage points to 268 percent of soured debt, while slipping 1 basis point to 2.
 She said it would be unwise for the country to prosecute any but the most horrific domestic abuse because it might lead to the dissolution of marriages.
 “I put up with him because I wanted my child to have a father.
 As well as being cheaper, digital money could make it easier for central banks to do their job, because in a cashless world, they could fight recessions and deflation by driving interest rates to less than zero .
 Price Slump “This year is a special one because most of the market prices of our export products are declining right now,” Altankhuyag said.
 “Before, everyone said they don’t have cash, or that they cannot pay with their mobile phones because it was a corporate phone.
 equity transactions, where computerized firms have ample opportunity to profit from fleeting price discrepancies because transactions take place on more than 50 venues.
 “Everybody needs to chill out because it is going to work,” Beshear said.
” Regen’s CDs stood out in my review pile because they came from the artist himself, and also because they were better than most of the others, which tend to be mediocre copycats swimming in record-company hype.
 Not a bad idea, but it sounds a lot like a recycled version of the Stability and Growth Pact , which was routinely violated because there was no enforcement of the rules adopted in 1997.
 The creditors have requested that Falcone step aside as part an agreement, though the negotiations are still under way, said the person, who asked to remain anonymous because the discussions are private.
 Not so, because the museum takes zero funds from the state to fund its operations.
 Pandermalis had intended to charge 10 euros to 12 euros for entry, but because Greece has been mired in an economic decline that has led to a drop in Greek disposable incomes, a ticket to see the statues and friezes of one of Western civilization's greatest monuments costs just 5 euros.
 PIA paid more for fuel in the first quarter because prices averaged about 11 percent higher than a year earlier in Singapore.
 “For the next six months, the interest cost and the absolute debt may not go down because the transaction has to get completed, but thereafter it would.
 The official couldn’t be named because negotiations are continuing.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
, Australia ’s biggest phone company, said Optus’s service infringed their copyrights because it makes the recordings, stores them on its servers, and passes them on to customers.
 “We’ve had an explosion in the number of programs” requiring foreigners to be licensed, partly because the government is funding more ITAR-controlled projects, he said.
) Uploaded to Servers Schmieder had his restricted September 2009 course, “Infrared Technology and Applications,” videotaped because he planned to retire and wanted to train his successor.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 “You need that so you can’t literally have the wind taken out of your sails because one segment of the industry goes into a decline.
 Stockholders put less value on buyout profits, also known as performance fees or carry, because they are unpredictable, especially during an economic slowdown when it’s tougher to exit investments.
” The Manchester rivals both have 83 points after 36 of 38 games, though City holds first place because it has scored 61 more goals than it has conceded, while defending champion United’s goal difference is 53.
 “Not because Swansea and Sunderland are bad teams, but because we have Newcastle who are fighting for Champions League and QPR who are trying to avoid relegation.
 “I could actually make the argument that the Rangers’ rating benefited from the conflict because so many people were watching TV, and some Knicks fans switched over.
 Knicks Playoffs The reason they haven’t is because the Knicks have only reached the postseason three times in the past 11 years.
 “There is a huge risk about making predictions, because you can never be sure what a court will do,” said Chip Bowles, a bankruptcy lawyer with Bingham Greenebaum Doll LLP in Louisville, Kentucky .
 Some customers regard the Picower settlement as unfair because it stops them from suing the Picower estate themselves.
 Its bylaw had come under scrutiny after the CAS in October ruled that Olympic organizers can’t ban athletes guilty of doping from taking part in the next Games because it amounts to double punishment.
” Abdel-Beri Atwan, the editor in chief of Al-Quds al-Arabi, wrote that the dispute over Gizawi, in addition to serving notice to other states that Egyptians can no longer be trampled, sends “a message of warning to all the other Arab authorities that are humiliating Arab citizens because their governments are weak and corrupt and do not defend these citizens the way they should.
 “The deliveries were a surprise for the market because none were expected,” said Greg Grow, the director of Agribusiness for Archer Financial Services Inc.
 The acquisition may be announced early this week, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 “It is only part of a solution because people will go back to the crop.
 “I don’t think prices will go beneath $100 because we see demand is growing in the world,” Hayward said.
 and ConocoPhillips (COP) , according to four traders who participate in the market who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 A few months ago, Coca-Cola and Monster spoke again about a deal, said the person, who asked not to be named because the talks were private.
 Monster trades at more than 30 times estimated 2012 earnings , and Coca-Cola may not want to pay a large premium for the beverage-maker because the two companies already have a distribution deal, the Journal reported.
 Weaker demand growth wouldn’t necessarily reverse the advance in charter rates because there is already little spare capacity.
 “Investments in better roads and safer bridges and newer schools have been made by Democrats and Republicans for generations, because they benefit all of us.
 As many as 15 banks have committed to the facility, said the people, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 That's because while the funds can make financial sense for those who hold them for a long time, Dalbar data shows that investors hold on to equity mutual funds an average of 3.
” The government has been preparing for a possible early election in May or June, before the due date in early 2013, according to four officials who spoke in March on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 “Industry isn’t what’s driving the economy today, and nobody would think that because the driver is internal demand,” he said by telephone from Santiago.
” Funding Crisis The funding crisis is even more pronounced because the cost of key materials has increased faster than inflation, according to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials .
 “But it’s unsustainable for gas prices to remain as low as they presently are because there is little if any incentive for companies to drill gas wells.
 The plant had been idled for months, and without a buyer it would have been closed by the end of May because tighter profit margins are squeezing East Coast refineries.
 “Others may be buying already because those big names are buying.
 Monster trades at more than 30 times estimated 2012 earnings, and Coca-Cola may not want to pay a large premium for the beverage-maker because the two companies already have a distribution deal, the Journal reported.
 “This is because production was stopped at Mwandui to rehabilitate the old processing plant,” Samaje said.
 The 24-year-old midfielder didn’t take part in the game Dalglish travelled to see because his wife had just gone into labor, the Sun said.
 Giroud, who missed a penalty in the game, could snub the Reds because he is likely to play in the Champions League with his French club, while the Reds will be in the Europa League, the Mail said.
” The government has been preparing for a possible early election in May or June, before the due date in early 2013, according to four officials who spoke in March on condition of anonymity because the talks are private.
 drones use its airspace to attack militants or to collect intelligence on al-Qaeda or other groups, according to officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because the drone program is classified.
 Officials at Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) , Mediobanca SpA (MB) , Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) and Telefonica SA (TEF) are set to gather on May 3 to discuss the proposal, and the size of the recapitalization will depend on the loans that Telecom Italia’s holding company needs to refinance in the coming months, said the people, asking not to be identified because the talks are private.
 Repsol YPF SA (REP) : The Spanish oil company blocked a shipment of liquefied natural gas to Argentina because the government failed to supply it with a letter of credit, said a person briefed on the matter.
 “Both homeowner and rental vacancy rates dropped during the first quarter, which obviously bodes well for housing,” because shrinking inventory will boost rents and spur demand for new homes, Stephen East, an analyst with International Strategy & Investment Group LLC, wrote in a note to clients.
 Warren saw earlier than other pipeline operators that gas would become less profitable for shippers because the price differences that boosted profits were narrowing across the country, Eades said.
 “If interest rates go up, it puts the government at risk because they will need to come up with a lot of extra revenue to pay the interest bill.
 will arrange about 525 million pounds of financing for the purchase, according to a person with knowledge of the situation who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 “One would think the new CEO would have a strong incentive not to negotiate with Coty because upon an acquisition, the new CEO would be most likely out of a position.
4 billion in the RidgeWorth Mid Cap Value Equity Fund, said he was happy with the amount of bid because it gave him the chance to sell Avon stock in line with the offer price.
 But there is an opportunity: Benjamin Netanyahu, precisely because he is the son of a man like Benzion, is the only Israeli politician today who could deliver the majority of Israel’s Jewish population to a painful compromise with the Palestinians.
 The extension, giving the New York law firm more time to keep operating and collecting bills from clients, would be for a couple of weeks, much less than the 120 days envisaged this past weekend before Dewey’s talks with Greenberg Traurig LLP about a partial combination ended, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks were private.
 Dewey now is talking with several firms that might take parts of its specialized practice groups, as part of a bankruptcy plan devised with lenders’ consent, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
 The firm is carrying on business as usual and at the same time trying to find employment for legal and non-legal staff, according to the person who saw the memo and who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Dewey might struggle to find a merger partner because many rivals prefer to select only the partners they want, Bowles said.
 “We are forecasting a nonfarm payroll gain of just 125,000 in April because we expect a substantial payback for the warm winter,” Hatzius wrote in an April 27 note to clients.
 (GS) is helping the drugmaker assess interest, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Doughty said that Taveras and the council are playing a dangerous game by counting savings from the overhaul to help balance its budget, because changing contracts already in force is illegal.
 The economists warned that nations with excessive government liabilities now may even fare worse than history suggests because their private and foreign debts also are large.
 ‘Systemic Risk’ “They pose systemic risk because their financing structure is so poor,” said Doug Dachille, CEO of investment firm First Principles Capital Management LLC and former head of proprietary trading at JPMorgan.
 Tougher Times REITs don’t save much for tougher times because they have to pay out 90 percent of most types of earnings in dividends, a provision that allows the firms to avoid taxes on the income.
 Financial Stability The Financial Stability Oversight Council, a board of regulators including the Treasury and SEC established by the Dodd-Frank Act, under that law must decide which nonbanks need closer supervision because their collapse could roil markets.
html Repsol YPF SA (REP) blocked a shipment of liquefied natural gas to Argentina because the government failed to supply the Madrid-based company with a letter of credit, said a person briefed on the matter.
 “It is a disappointment because the people who could least afford to be damaged, if you will, by anything and then with a disaster like Katrina are the ones who have paid a great price,” said Francis, who in 2006 was awarded the presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor.
 ``Infrastructure deals look attractive because they offer stable returns, while buying into other financial institutions would offer synergies with our business.
 Some firms aren't alerting investors to increased indebtedness because disclosure requirements were dropped from loans sold in the past two years, according to S&P.
 Residents are advised to seek shelter “immediately” because the storm poses a threat to lives and homes, the statement said.
 “Protectionism may be the biggest enemy that we have and that’s why we call authorities to avoid those practices because while it could be a solution in the short term, it may turn against us in the long term,” Eyzaguirre told reporters at the IADB meeting.
 Volatility Impact Lower volatility makes investments in currencies with higher benchmark rates more attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 That’s a constellation Germans like because they favor cooperation among the two biggest parties rather than conflict, making another grand coalition a possible outcome of the next national election in 18 months, Forsa’s Guellner said.
 Last year, Browne represented airplane thief Colton Harris- Moore, known as the “Barefoot Bandit” because he committed some of his crimes while not wearing shoes.
 visa application but later said he had simply chosen a common Ukrainian surname because he had forgotten the real one.
 “They will be vigorously contested because I am innocent.
 ``You can't wait until you get cancer to sue, because that can take 20 years and, by then, the statute of limitations will have run out,'' she said in an interview, referring to the legal-deadline law on filing.
'' She said she filed the worker's ``offensive contact'' claim against Shaw Environmental in New York because more of the cleanup workers and their lawyers live there.
 The critiques will be part of feedback letters sent to the lenders this week that cover everything from data collection to risk measurement, said three of the people, who declined to be identified because communications with the Fed are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Restaurant chains have been a favorite target for private investors, because their cash-flow makes financing deals easy and brands can benefit from cost-cutting or expansion measures.
 (ROC) ’s titanium-dioxide business because it would be contrary to its goal of reducing debt, Chief Financial Officer Kimo Esplin said.
 (The score of “Once” was ruled ineligible for a nomination because most of the songs came from the film.
 “The debate can change things, and he must think it’s crucial because he asked for three.
5 percent net margins, said the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 The seller is aiming to fetch more than $80 million for the property, formerly known as the Unigard campus, said a person with knowledge of the proposed deal, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The critiques will be part of feedback letters sent to the lenders this week that cover everything from data collection to risk measurement, said three of the people, who declined to be identified because communications with the Fed are private.
 says three recordings of Galleon Group LLC co- founder Raj Rajaratnam speaking with his colleagues and employees should be allowed as evidence against Gupta at his trial scheduled for May 21, because the fund manager was a co- conspirator in the insider-trading scheme.
 The first responders could not save him, officials explained, because they lacked cold-water rescue training.
 “It’s wrong to look at Europe in isolation because it is quite clearly not a single economic unit,” Godber, who helps oversee $160 million at Charles Stanley, said in a phone interview yesterday.
 Companies may struggle to find enough local people because trading of commodities such as liquefied natural gas only began recently, said Damian Stewart, the director for Asia at London- based Human Capital Search.
 Dewey now is talking with several firms that might take parts of its specialized practice groups, as part of a bankruptcy plan devised with lenders’ consent, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
 The firm is carrying on business as usual and at the same time trying to find employment for legal and non-legal staff, according to the person who saw the memo and who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 The closeness of the two hotels shouldn’t affect their business because they have different clientele, Queitsch said.
 A Cantor-backed group, the Young Guns Network, is accusing Mourdock of being too "extreme" because he wants to eliminate the Department of Education.
 “There is gigantic opposition to moving to more transparency” because it reduces profit margins, he said.
 Tinkler had stepped in to rescue the Jets in September 2010 after the FFA withdrew the license of former owner Con Constantine because the 2008 A-League champion ran out of money to pay players and stadium fees.
 “It will increase because Fatca will require banks to track down people, some of whom will make voluntary disclosures before renouncing their citizenship.
” Renunciations are higher in Switzerland because American expatriates expect extra scrutiny of their affairs after the UBS case and as the U.
 The company may want to “take the flack that they get for not waiving privilege because the story will die down.
 That’s because the two main parties -- New Democracy and Pasok -- are part of the problem.
 This is problematic, because Greece has a deadline in June to detail how it will make budget cuts worth an additional 5.
” The Fed chairman is right: The housing crisis was much more damaging because the initial impact was concentrated in a highly leveraged financial sector and then substantially amplified as those losses cascaded.
 During this year’s Kansas tour, analysts expect to make more reliable forecasts and find even bigger yields because the crop is so advanced, said Macquarie’s Gadd, who predicted Chicago futures will average $5.
 Vertonghen, a Belgian international, may be available for 7 million pounds because he only has one year remaining on his contract, the Mirror said.
 Redknapp Rush Over Tottenham may leave Redknapp in contract limbo because the club is no longer in a rush for him to sign a new deal after he was snubbed by England , the Sun reported .
 Redknapp, who had been the bookmakers’ favorite to get the national job, may go into the final year of his agreement “surrounded by uncertainty” because Spurs Chairman Daniel Levy is no longer hurrying to offer new terms, the newspaper said.
 4 train on the East Side, because they are busy lines.
 The plan was for an attack in the Muslim holy month of Ramadan during the morning or afternoon rush hour, because that would create the most casualties and property damage, Ahmedzay testified.
 Zazi said they agreed to the terrorist plot because they were upset about the U.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 He told police the driver cut his hand trying to grab the knife from him, which he said he wielded because he feared he was being abducted.
 Uncertainty and Barriers Representative Scott Garrett , a New Jersey Republican who serves on the House panel, said changes are needed because Dodd- Frank reaches too far into the markets, with regulators creating uncertainty and barriers as they craft rules.
 “The magic of the LTROs has worn off quickly because non- residents have sold off their holdings,” said Richard McGuire , a senior fixed-income strategist at Rabobank International in London.
 Meeks, who left her pre-school teaching position because her hours were reduced, now rides the bus to Sinclair Community College in the morning and then boards another bus to get to her new job, working the evening shift as a call-center manager.
” In a statement, Rhoades said, “We wanted him to stay because he had superior qualifications for the position he was hired to fill.
 Republicans say the ads are timely and effective because high gasoline prices put Obama on defense at the onset of the general election.
 Cooper also ruled that Lake Forest , Illinois-based Hospira’s patent “is valid and enforceable,” and said another Hospira patent in the lawsuit is invalid because the purported invention would be obvious to an expert.
 “I’m culpable as well because I changed the players to try and give everybody an opportunity to get in the frame for Saturday.
 Kong says her property and recipes warrant the premium in part because her roast pork, unlike her ubiquitous competition found on Singapore’s streets for about S$3.
 Her knees are giving out, she said, and she can’t have replacement surgery because it takes four months to recover.
 Investors in San Jose debt are unfazed by the fiscal strains, in part because a dearth of sales by California issuers has bolstered demand.
 “Failure is not an option, because it will result in really bad things happening to the people of San Jose,” he said.
 Murphy is excited about the new jobs, which Newborn knows about because his clients would be happy to land them, at $8 to $9 an hour.
 The debate is needed, he says, partly because market reasoning, being nonjudgmental, “empties public life of moral argument.
 That will not be possible without the participation of foreign companies because Naftogaz is so cash-starved it can barely maintain the current production levels, said Vitaliy Radchenko, an energy researcher at CMS Cameron McKenna in Kiev .
 “The state companies are almost bankrupt because the state limits how much they can get for the gas they produce,” he said.
 Baron will be co-head of BofA’s equity-derivatives sales team for Europe, the Middle East and Africa and will also have responsibility for EMEA equity macro sales, the person said, declining to be identified because the appointment has not been made public.
” The limits also could reduce banks’ use of clearinghouses to trade derivatives and damage sovereign-debt markets because banks would be limited in how much credit they could extend to foreign governments, according to the letter.
 “Yes, there is oversupply at the moment because of the financial crisis and everyone’s gone back home to live with their parents, but it’s not because there is lack of demand.
 In Spain, there were incentives for municipalities to approve land for development because they could keep 10 percent of all the land they reclassified.
 Today’s results could give Coty some pause because they point to a long and difficult turnaround, said Ali Dibadj , an analyst at Sanford C.
 The firm is carrying on business as usual and at the same time trying to find employment for legal and non-legal staff, according to the person who saw the memo and who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Dewey now is talking with several firms that might take parts of its specialized practice groups, as part of a bankruptcy plan devised with lenders’ consent, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
 The extension, giving the New York law firm more time to keep operating and collecting bills from clients, would be for a couple of weeks, much less than the 120 days envisaged this past weekend before Dewey’s talks with Greenberg Traurig about a partial combination ended, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks were private.
 The Istanbul-based company will use the 12-year facility to help finance the development of a 450 megawatt lignite-fired power plant and associated mine, said the person, who declined to be named because the terms are private.
 Some analyst exclude non-selling days to compare year- over-year results because many dealerships are closed.
 These issues won’t subside even as the industrial economies start to grow faster, because faster growth will go hand in hand with greater risk and further widening of the gap between rich and poor.
 The firm will target workers on desks where business has slowed and may inform those affected this month, said the person, who declined to be identified because the Charlotte , North Carolina-based firm’s plans are private.
 “Apple contends that the finger swipe is equivalent to a finger tap because the two gestures are interchangeable,” wrote Posner, who typically presides over appellate cases.
” Its hero, John Galt, led a strike by industrialists and others against the government, partly because they thought they were too highly taxed.
 Prescott, a Nobel laureate, who argues that Americans generally work more hours because U.
 banks need to be split apart because they operate with an implied government safety net that puts their risks of failure on taxpayers.
 (WFC) employees ruined a pilot program to test principal reductions on mortgages guaranteed by Fannie Mae because they failed to correctly input data into a computer system, the Federal Housing Finance Agency said in a letter released today.
 One can only hope he's late because he's trying to figure out how best to announce his change of heart.
 Legislators and regulators from the Departments of Labor to Treasury have been looking at Americans’ retirement security because life expectancies are increasing and savings have shifted from traditional pension plans, where employers generally provided retired employees with lifetime payments, to 401(k) accounts that individuals largely are responsible for funding.
 was the victim of any sham transfer and should get that money back because it was owed unknown billions for pollution that Kerr-McGee had refused to clean up, making it Tronox’s largest creditor.
 Many settled for pittances because they were sick, needed money or were afraid they’d die before heading to court.
 Jamison says creosote is still damaging Columbus because the soil remains saturated.
 A judge dismissed the rest because plaintiffs failed to pay filing fees or disclose enough information, according to the filing.
 The New York-based law firm’s London office appointed a committee including restructuring lawyer Mark Fennessy and banking lawyer Bruce Johnston to review its options to wind down or close the business, said the people, who declined to be named because the matter is private.
 The firm is carrying on business as usual and at the same time trying to find employment for legal and non-legal staff, according to the person who saw the memo and who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Dewey now is talking with several firms that might take parts of its specialized practice groups, as part of a plan devised with lenders’ consent, said the person, who declined to be named because the talks are private.
html Hedge-fund manager David Einhorn said Federal Reserve policy intended to stimulate the economy and create jobs is “no longer useful” because it risks inflation.
 The committee chairman, John Whittingdale , said it wasn’t clear what the punishment could be, because no one has been found guilty of it for decades.
 Falling optimism is considered as a contrarian indicator by some analysts who follow charts to make market predictions, because investors who have sold stocks now have more money to purchase shares.
 The England manager needs to be someone who “has a tight group of people around them who support them up hill and down dale and they don’t run away when the going gets tough because it will get tough,” Davies said.
 “England always have to go into tournaments to win them because we are a major football power,” Hodgson said.
 “It worked in the 50s and 60s because there was a little bit of inflation, it didn’t work in the 70s because if it’s too much then you wind up eroding the controls and making everything worse,” Reinhart, who was the Fed’s director of monetary affairs from 2001 to 2007, said at the summit.
 officials familiar with the contents who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the intelligence is classified.
 “They’re not going to go into a mass purge if they can avoid it, because everyone at the top leadership has a complex web of connections.
 Another valuation metric, known as the Fed model because it was derived from a July 1997 report from the central bank, shows U.
 Warren saw earlier than other pipeline operators that gas would become less profitable for shippers because the price differences that boosted profits were narrowing across the country, Eades said.
 “The only reason why the euro probably didn’t go down further is because the market is looking ahead to the ECB meeting to see how they characterize this whole mess.
 “I was a little flustered because I had thought he told me he did,” he said.
 “Many Chinese developers today are more willing to sell their office buildings or retail space because they need to access capital for their residential projects,” said Jack Ye, Shanghai-based national director of investment at Cushman, the world’s biggest closely held property service company.
 shut down one project that was using Afghan officials to review corruption cases because they were exploiting it to pick up tips on how to cheat, according to the official, who briefed reporters at the Pentagon yesterday on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
 A Democrat-controlled county elections board ruled in March that Lugar was ineligible to vote in his home precinct because he and his wife registered using the Indianapolis address of a home he sold in 1977.
 A deal may be struck within weeks, said the people, who asked not to be named because the talks are private.
 They asked not to be identified because the meeting was private.
” Kirchmaier said Libor oversight shouldn’t go to other regulators or the Bank of England because there may be a conflict of interest.
 As he weighs the question of whether to reach a quick deal with Standard Chartered , that experience will be part of his mindset, said the ex-colleague, who asked not to be identified because his dealings with Lawsky have been private.
 “Shareholders should examine the case for a breakup because it would unlock value,” Gareth Hunt , an analyst at Canaccord, who recommends buying the shares, said in a telephone interview.
 Central bank Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said yesterday India had been “somewhat of an outlier” because slower growth had yet to damp inflation.
, said he was betting against Lehman’s stock because he believed it overvalued some real estate assets.
 “In major markets, it’s a much easier sell to invest capital, because they can recover that capital sooner,” Thypin said.
 Decades later, announcer Mel Parnell, a former Red Sox pitcher, is believed to have been the first person to refer to the marker as “Pesky’s Pole” because Pesky had occasionally hit fly balls into the pole for a home run, according to the Globe.
 They may need to do more to bolster growth because U.
 Lower interest rates increase the allure of precious metals because they generally earn investors returns only through price gains.
 Foreign companies are still interested in takeovers in India because it remains one of the fastest-growing emerging economies, Kapoor said.
 Any appeal to the international court may have a limited impact because both parties have to recognize its jurisdiction in the matter, something South Korea has declined to do.
 “This is positive for rubber prices because supply is declining as China and Japan build up stockpiles, ahead of wintering season when producers stop tapping,” Sureerat Kunthongjun, analyst at AGROW Enterprise Ltd.
 Selling software as a service may also squeeze Microsoft’s profit margins because it entails additional costs of operating data centers to run customer programs, Friar says.
 Bank of America and other servicers have financial incentives to avoid loan modifications and keep mortgages in default in part because doing so generates more fees and modifying a loan to decrease its principal reduces fees, according to the complaint.
 “A lot of companies are maintaining their full-year outlook because they are concerned about currency impact.
 than in Canada because investments are flowing more quickly into U.
 “If they buy too much, I think there’s a real chance that rates are going to rise because people are worried about inflation,” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist at Pierpont Securities LLC in Stamford, Connecticut.
 “That’s the reason why people are investing in ABB, because they believe there will be more of this in future,” said Ben Uglow , an analyst at Morgan Stanley who rates ABB “overweight.
 “There was very little issuance in 2008 and 2009 because the market was practically closed, so with the market today very bullish on Latin American credit it makes sense for these companies, many of which are exporters that operate in dollars, to sell bonds overseas.
 Brown can run again because he was first elected before the limits were imposed in 1990.
 “But that doesn’t mean the government isn’t right to be concerned, because any individual could take it upon himself to try an attack.
 30, 2009, the most recent figures available because the offering was delayed.
 in London today, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 TPG Capital, which is leading buyout talks, will look for new partners and plans to talk to other private-equity firms as well as pension and sovereign wealth funds, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the matter is private.
 The industry also is suffering because more storage is shifting to flash memory, rather than disk drives, he said.
 20 that investment should grow because companies need to boost their competitiveness and can take advantage of a stronger dollar to buy new imported machinery after cutting back during the global recession.
 The southern African nation isn’t planning a mass vaccination campaign because the outbreak is not out of control, Kamwi said in an e-mailed statement late yesterday.
 “It’s considered negative not to call a bond because investors expect to be paid on that date,” Rustam Botashev , deputy head of research at UniCredit Bank AG, said in a phone interview in Moscow yesterday.
 ‘Logical Decision’ Forgoing the call option is “the only logical decision because not repaying this means Bank of Moscow ensures a cheaper source of funding,” Maxim Raskosnov , a banking credit analyst at Moscow-based VTB Capital, said by phone from Frankfurt yesterday.
 Russian Standard is “unlikely” to exercise its call option because it has the highest credit risk of all four banks, Dudkin said in a phone interview in Moscow yesterday.
 “Domestic economic data is one of the key drivers for the krona because it drives rate expectations.
” Opposition parties stand a better chance in next year’s vote because Kirchner had been the strongest potential candidate, Felipe Noguera , a Buenos Aires-based political analyst and co-founder of the Latin American Association of Political Consultants, said in a telephone interview yesterday.
 “The opposition will face the challenge of speaking out without attacking the government, because that would not go down well,” Fara said.
 Santander, BBVA Spain’s two biggest banks, Banco Santander SA and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, have been able to tap the market because they rely less on their home market for revenue than competitors.
 30, down more than $1 billion from a year ago, said an investor with the firm, who declined to be identified because the information is private.
 Even so, the change in demand is difficult to forecast because gloomy weather can affect peak times, as can television programs, he said.
1 billion) after money managers balked at the price because it was too high compared with competitors.
 The ECB purchased debt maturing between 2011 and 2020, one trader said, under condition of anonymity because the deals are confidential.
 ‘Clicked’ “We just clicked on all cylinders tonight, and it took that because they had some good at-bats, too,” Bochy said.
25 cents on the euro today, compared with 72 yesterday, said a dealer, who declined to be identified because the trades are private.
 Chief Operating Officer Toshiyuki Shiga said this week that the carmaker will probably revise its currency assumption for the second half of the fiscal year because the yen is stronger than an earlier estimate.
” “We are now profiting from the favorable economic environment because we further improved our competitiveness in the crisis and made our portfolio even more cyclically resilient,” Hambrecht said in today’s statement.
 The world production deficit, the first in four years, may be even wider because typhoons and flooding hit Southeast Asia days after the USDA released its estimate.
 Asselborn said he rejects a proposal to suspend voting rights for countries that violate the EU’s deficit and debt rules because such a punishment should be reserved for the infringement by governments of basic rules such as democracy, human rights and the rule of law.
 They now want to leave because they feel a promised investment in the club was unfulfilled, the newspaper said.
 This is partly because the family business dynamic, so affected by the tax, is also hard to describe.
 Secretariat happened to be a reject the Chenerys received because they lost a coin flip over the offspring of Bold Ruler.
 The nation is seeking higher-quality ore grades such as those from Brazil because it can help reduce energy usage, Vale said.
 “If it does work, here’s why the 10-year goes down in yield then back in yield, it’s because the out years, five, six, seven, eight, nine and 10 are vulnerable to inflation and higher policy rates in those particular years,” Gross said in an interview today on “Bloomberg Surveillance” with Tom Keene .
 Treasury yields are near historically low levels in part because Fed purchases make it mathematically impossible for bonds to do much better, he said today.
” The barbs tend to be couched in the manner of a loving son gently revealing the father’s shortcomings: “The flaws in Oscar’s lyrics are more apparent than in those of others because he is speaking deeply from himself through his characters and therefore has no persona to hide behind,” Sondheim writes.
 “It’s not an enormous incentive to do something different with your businesses because rates are down a few basis points,” Schwarzman, 63, said yesterday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Margaret Brennan at the UBS Wealth Management Roundtable in New York.
 “We have to see lending rates coming down because the cost of doing business is coming down.
 China has come to dominate the market because it has been able to produce the elements more cheaply and with fewer environmental restrictions than its competitors.
” “I’ve worked hard but I’m going to work even harder down the stretch because the stakes are just too high not to be giving it all we have,” Christie wrote.
 insurer, effectively dissolving its partnership with MetLife, the person said, declining to be identified because the information is private.
 to help it sell the bonds, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 and Deutsche Bank AG will manage the bond sale, according to a person familiar with the negotiations, who declined to be identified because the terms are private.
 and Standard Chartered Plc are managing the sale of bonds, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Italy may lose out on 145 million euros ($201 million) in EU funds that were frozen because the Mt.
1 billion) after money managers balked at the price because it was too high compared with competitors.
 “It’s a perfect political football because you have a ready, available villain who you can make a bad guy, you have victims by the thousands and you have opportunities for big political gains,” says Rick Sharga , senior vice president at RealtyTrac.
 18, Desoer said the bank was restarting the process in the 23 states where evictions go through the courts because the bank had found nothing wrong.
 Short sales are often complicated because borrowers need to demonstrate hardship to qualify, while changes in real- estate prices and high volumes of cases can cause frustration for some customers, spokesman Dan Frahm says.
 increased 17 percent, money managers have failed to embrace Exxon’s new ranking, in part because Russell based its decision on four analysts who lacked a consensus.
 “Prime Minister Kan must make a political decision because both views are correct.
 “Dish is more exposed to programming costs than any other pay-TV provider because they face a lot of competition.
” The artist’s high-priced work now tends to sell through galleries rather than auction houses because the latter have suffered more from the recession.
 Mobile-phone companies said rules aren’t needed because companies give customers ways to track use of data, voice and text features.
 “If they buy too much, I think there’s a real chance that rates are going to rise because people are worried about inflation,” said Stephen Stanley , chief economist at Pierpont Securities LLC in Stamford, Connecticut.
 The other investors in the group are TPG Capital and Bain Capital, and KKR’s exit doesn’t mean the deal would fall apart, said the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 The Obama administration opposes a nationwide freeze because it could further damage the housing market by holding up sales, spokesman Robert Gibbs said Oct.
html Financial-company debt isn’t offering sufficient yield to be attractive because U.
 “How could I ever go to a client and say, I owned Lehman because I thought they were going to get bailed out.
 “There is simply no other reason to address contributory infringement at trial, because its resolution will not affect damages by one penny.
 2 race will likely remain tight because 11 percent of voters are undecided, Peter A.
 “Food inflation has started moderating because the record rainfalls have resulted in a good crop production,” said N.
 The New York’s website says that “self-defense and survivability were crucial elements that influenced ship design,” because the amphibious transport vessels are intended to operate close to shore.
 “You’re going to get wild swings because small bits of information have big hits on the shares.
 In both cases, people involved in the bidding asked not to be identified because the talks are confidential.
 “We don’t own any peripherals, and there’s not a price really at which we would get involved in those markets at this point because their fundamentals are still so uncertain,” said Peter Geike-Cobb , a portfolio manager at Thames River Capital U.
 The bankruptcy judge also turned back an objection from one creditor who contended that Blockbuster’s primary bankruptcy lawyers, Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP , were disqualified because they have hundreds of present or former clients who are creditors.
 The bonus program will be less costly in 2011 because 95 percent of derivatives contracts have been resolved.
 The ECB purchased debt maturing between 2011 and 2020, one of the traders said, under condition of anonymity because the deals are confidential.
 The ECB’s bond purchases differ from so-called quantitative easing policies pursued by the Federal Reserve and Bank of England because the central bank mops up the liquidity created by the purchases, meaning the net effect on the money supply is neutral.
 Hands, who testified over four days, claims Terra Firma was forced to overpay for EMI, which has lost money since the deal, because Wormsley misled him about the bidding in three telephone calls during the weekend before the auction on Monday, May 21, 2007.
 The government must approve a purchase because BHP is a foreign company.
50 because prices for November options to bet on moves to those levels are the same, said Ophir Gottlieb , head of client services at Livevol Inc.
 , will continue to profit from physical rentals of DVDs because they offer consumers better value than video-on-demand or rentals available through cable or satellite services, said Michael Pachter , an analyst at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles who has an “outperform” rating on Coinstar’s shares.
 Default Increase The Texas Attorney General said in his lawsuit that American Home fails to properly credit homeowners for payments made on their mortgages; falsely claims borrowers didn’t make payments in order to justify late fees; and refuses to accept payments allegedly because a borrower is in default, thereby adding more late charges.
 ‘Bound to Fail’ “The buyback was bound to fail” because banks that are already short on cash hold only enough bonds to meet regulatory requirements, Abheek Barua , chief economist in New Delhi at HDFC Bank Ltd.
 “Costs have risen for companies because short-term yields have gone up,” R .
 Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the Federal Reserve , the Justice Department and the Manhattan district attorney’s office are all involved in the probe of Deutsche Bank and three other European banks, said the attorney, who asked not to be identified because the investigations are confidential.
 No, because the U.
 No, because the U.
 “Inter-bank loan tranfers will allow banks to complement each others’ businesses because some lenders have ample liquidity but are short of clients,” said Zhao Qingming , a senior analyst in Beijing at China Construction Bank, the country’s second-largest lender.
 “I still think they will win it easily because I think they are the best team in the Premier League,” he said.
 “We shouldn’t drop our ambitions just because there is a crisis in the euro zone.
 “A catastrophe has been averted, but the impact on the Cypriot economy is going to be huge” and “banks will become even more dependent on ECB liquidity because deposits will be largely drained.
 That raises a whole lot of legal issues because equal treatment in the European Union is one thing that is very frequently gone to as a legal norm.
 physician Harold Shipman, known as “Doctor Death” because he murdered at least 215 of his patients over 23 years.
 “Rostelecom is unlikely to be aggressive in the mobile marketplace” because the new leader lacks experience in wireless communication, he said.
 Currently, the payroll tax that funds Social Security is one of the least-economically damaging taxes, partly because workers know that added taxes they pay now are partly offset by added benefits in retirement.
 because he never engaged in terrorist acts against the U.
 Supreme Court, the highest federal appeals court, which is unlikely to consider the case because the ruling is based on New York State contract law, Ferro said.
 The move affected 95 percent of the world’s tanker fleet because the vessels were insured by companies following EU law.
 “I’m confident because it makes huge sense.
 Market Bubble Iwata joins skeptics including Atsushi Mizuno, a former BOJ board member, who said in an interview this month that Kuroda will hit a “wall of reality” because more bond purchases would escalate risks of a market bubble.
 In airfields such as Chandigarh and Dehradun , operated by state-owned Airports Authority of India, Q400s are exempted from landing fees because their seat capacity is below 80.
 “Most of the people who jump over the fence are doing it because they want a better life, and I understand that,” McCain later told reporters, adding that part of the group’s aim was to provide better legal options for such people.
 Deutsche Bank’s lawyers met with Siena prosecutors on March 22 to discuss the transaction, dubbed Project Santorini, the people said, asking not to be identified because the talks were private.
 That's because ninety-five percent of our pleasure is in that tension.
 Unfortunately, because I ate so much at lunch, I lost both.
 banks are much better positioned to withstand shocks because they have considerably more capital than in 2008, he said.
 Dudley this week said it’s “too soon to take much cheer from the recent economic news” because reports have had ups and downs, while Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher said he favors reducing mortgage bond purchases in light of a “pretty robust housing situation.
 and Bonga from Morgan Stanley, according to two traders of the crudes who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The amount was reduced because Nestle cooperated, the cartel office said in an e-mailed statement today.
 trader behind the bets, was nicknamed the London Whale because his positions were so huge.
 “The issue is prescient for investors right now because it is having an effect on profit.
 “Banks will become even more dependent on ECB liquidity because deposits will be largely drained,” UBS AG Chairman Axel Weber, a former ECB board member, said on Bloomberg TV today.
 Offshore Kronur The offshore krona trades lower than the official one because it reflects the difficulty exchanging them for dollars or euros, according to Hardarson.
 American Continental’s Israel said such licenses are intended for use in health emergencies such as pandemics, not because prices are too high.
 Drug companies are looking to India and other emerging markets for growth because prices are under pressure in Europe.
 “Hundreds of people in Greece are dying because they are not getting the medicines, tens of thousands can’t afford the medicines,” he said.
 pending home sales are considered a leading indicator because they track contract signings in advance of actual closings, which occur a month or two later.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 In the end, the changes come “with a cost for companies because they have to wait for their money.
 “At the same time, many others move to rural areas because they are tired of hectic, capitalism-driven metropolitan life.
 “I’m happy because I still can work.
 Jayalalitha wrote to Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh yesterday asking that Sri Lankan cricketers not play in Tamil Nadu because their presence risked inflaming tensions.
 The deal could be announced in a few weeks, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 In the end, the changes come “with a cost for companies because they have to wait for their money.
 Lower Margins Smaller vendors, which tend to manage facilities owned by other parties, are “probably more vulnerable” because the government can always shift to a new operator, Sommer said.
 Operating costs are as much as 50 percent less than state and federal expenses because Corrections Corp.
html The market for tankers carrying crude will extend a slump this year because U.
 “By not posting public comments online, they’re limiting the level of dialogue and public participation,” because stakeholders often respond to one another, Sofia Plagakis, an environmental right-to-know policy analyst at the Center for Effective Government in Washington , said in an interview.
 Environmentalists oppose the project in part because producing fuel from oil sands produces more carbon dioxide than most forms on conventional drilling.
 and Barclays Plc, the underwriters of the deal, pushed investors to purchase the debt in a package as relative yields widen on AAA portions of securities tied to new mortgages without government backing, according to two people familiar with the discussions who asked not to be identified because the negotiations were private.
 “It’s important because the bulk of a deal is the AAAs,” Scott Buchta , head of fixed-income strategy at New York-based brokerage Brean Capital LLC, said today in a telephone interview.
 and China, the world’s two biggest markets, because drivers in those countries buy more sedans.
 This particular anniversary was a big deal, because it was often unclear whether the law would reach it.
 And because the law can vary so much state-by-state, the dysfunction in states that fight the law will probably stand out compared with states that genuinely work to implement it effectively.
 The banks call it radical but it's really pretty moderate, because it leaves the basic structure of banking alone.
 There would likely be less lending than now, because the implicit public subsidy to banks' operations would have gone.
 That’s an issue in the case because the state of California is opposing Proposition 8.
 After 12 years, the company is harnessing the booming use of smartphones to promise savings to merchants because it can route payments directly to and from bank accounts, dodging traditional card-handling fees.
 “We’re doing this because it should save us money and customers want this for the future,” said Anders Quist, head of business development at Axfood in Stockholm.
 UnitedHealth’s Health Plan of Nevada subsidiary didn’t provide adequate oversight of Dipak Desai , a gastroenterologist accused of infecting patients with hepatitis C by employing substandard medical practices, because it wanted to hold down costs to boost revenue, Robert Eglet , an attorney for women who contracted the disease, told a Las Vegas jury today.
 Nova Ljubljanska needed 381 million euros last year, with Slovenia and its agencies providing all of the money, after its second-largest owner, KBC Groep NV (KBC) , withdrew from the transaction because it failed to win approval from the European Commission.
 and Bonga from Morgan Stanley, according to two traders who asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 Motivated Banks Michael Mallow, a finance lawyer with Loeb & Loeb LLP in Los Angeles, said banks are motivated to make changes because the agency directly supervises them and could use consumer complaints in enforcement actions.
 Germany told a meeting of national diplomats in Brussels today that the EU should extend rules for firing the chairman of the ECB’s bank oversight board to cover the vice chairman, according to two EU officials who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 (Randians might not approve, but the state agreed to underwrite the bulk of the arena’s cost because it includes classroom space.
 Enders said EADS’s defense business will be less hard hit than those of some rivals because programs such as the Eurofighter combat jet and A400M military transport, just preparing for first delivery, are shared between countries.
 The portfolio consists of nine storage buildings that at least one potential bidder values at as much as 85 billion yen ($902 million), said two of the people, who asked not to be named because the information is private.
 They estimated in a note last month that BMW had 343 dealerships in the country as of January, compared with Audi’s 295, indicating that BMW is reaching farther inland into China’s third- and fourth-tier cities, where cars can fetch higher prices because competition is less intense.
 Philippine Upgrade Gains in Japanese shares were limited because 1,330 of the 1,696 companies on the Topix if bought today wouldn’t receive a dividend for the most recent period.
 Prior to an accounting rule change in 2001, private-equity firms had more incentive to carry out stub deals because it helped shield them from requirements to write down goodwill, which is the portion of a takeover price that exceeds the book value of the target’s assets.
 “In the end, it’s a knife in the throat for the government because it ends up creating distortions for fixing of prices for companies and the calculation of costs,” Oliveros said in a phone interview from Caracas.
 “There’s really nothing to update because there has been no further conversation with them since their rejection of our last proposal,” ADM Chief Executive Officer Patricia Woertz said during the company’s earnings call last month.
 “Garuda is a completely different animal than most airlines because most of its revenues are from the domestic market,” Harry Su, head of research at Bahana Securities said by phone today.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 The bank needed 381 million euros last year, with Slovenia and its agencies providing all of the money after its second-largest owner, KBC Groep NV (KBC) , withdrew from the transaction because it failed to win EU approval.
 It isn’t clear how much money Berezovsky ever had because all we know about his assets is based on what Berezovsky said himself.
 The firm will use the KKR Energy Income & Growth fund mostly for drilling partnerships with a goal of generating steady income and distributions for investors, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 The finding may help ease a global shortage of vaccines for foot-and-mouth disease, which is potentially fatal for young livestock, because the new products use synthetic materials that are easier to store and monitor than the live virus, according to a statement from Diamond Light Source, a nonprofit research company funded by the U.
html Investors should buy banks and brokerages because the shares will extend gains as the U.
 Commercial Depots Stockpiles (UGRSCNTO) also are getting harder to predict because growers are storing more in their own silos rather than paying for space in commercial depots.
” China will use more synthetic rubber because prices have slumped, making the material more competitive, Shen said.
 They have to negotiate to buy the Majestic Rooster, which is even trickier, because this requires a call to the president of China.
 But in the world that we are in, I am the one who looks stupid because this is a very serious business.
 The rival bid is superior because it provides more money, a debtor-in-possession loan to get CEDC through bankruptcy, repays only in-the-money creditors, and avoids some conflicts they perceive with Tariko’s ownership of Russian Standard vodka, said Giovanni Salvetti, who co-heads Rothschild Inc.
 The court found that whatever the "equities" involved, MP3 could not lawfully make and distribute copies without permission "simply because there is a consumer demand for it.
 To the extent that school districts pick up the cost, kids in school today will be hurt because more dollars will go to pension costs and fewer dollars will go to classrooms.
 The “zero lower bound” unsettles the old thinking partly because it demands untested innovations such as QE, but also because it attacks the earlier consensus head on.
 “We could do more, but we probably have to lower our target because this is quite a big one,” he said.
 “Investors are probably liquidating long positions in wheat ahead of the USDA report because the quarterly stockpiles are likely to be better than corn and soybeans,” Joyce Liu, an analyst at Phillip Futures Pte, said by phone from Singapore today, referring to bets on price gains.
 Money Laundering The money laundering probe may be broadened to include other individuals, said a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be identified because the investigation is private.
 Lawyers for Deutsche Bank, which isn’t under investigation, gave prosecutors official documents on the trade, including contracts, said one of the people who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 “It will create great opportunities for companies like us because imports will increase.
 I know this because a former student of mine, who had recently joined Apple, excitedly e-mailed to tell me.
 The blaze won’t affect local fuel supplies because naphtha stored there was for export, Dahi said.
 “Saudi Arabia will stand to lose if this happens because it has committed a large budget expenditure, which means that it could have a large but workable budget deficit.
 has seen the biggest growth in lending by insurers among European countries because London was one of the first markets to recover from the property market slump triggered by the credit crisis.
 official said after talks April 14 on condition of anonymity because the gathering was private.
 The hotel called the local police, and the woman in the room wouldn’t leave because she was owed money, according to King.
 The agent paid the money and the police filed a report because it involved a foreign national, according to King, a New York Republican.
 They will remain in Colombia during the summit because their skills and knowledge are needed, Malcom said, adding that they will be restricted to their hotel rooms when not carrying out official duties.
 The hotel called the local police, and the woman in the room wouldn’t leave because she was owed money, according to King.
 The agent paid the money and the police filed a report because it involved a foreign national, according to King, a New York Republican.
 They will remain in Colombia during the summit because their skills and knowledge are needed, Malcom said, adding that they will be restricted to their hotel rooms when not carrying out official duties.
 Zero Weight We should put essentially zero weight on the precise numbers in any 65-year forecast, and we certainly shouldn’t make dramatic or disruptive changes today because some form of straight-line projection implies that health care will eat the economy.
 “When rates are extremely low or extremely high, it’s usually because policy has been enacted to combat crises,” Parker said in a telephone interview on April 10.
 “But I don’t know how much it would have mattered because today we scored five, not two.
 They will remain in Colombia during the summit because their skills and knowledge are needed, Malcom said, adding that they will be restricted to their hotel rooms when not carrying out official duties.
 “It’s just a tragedy we had the problem with Michael because he would have been in great shape too,” Brawn added.
 Button’s Lament “It was a pity because I had four cars in front of me,” Button said of the delay.
 “It’s quite difficult to navigate trading in commodities right now because things are going to have to get worse before policy makers step in.
 “Foreign banks like ANZ are interested in Hong Kong banks because they are interested in China.
 Federal Reserve because the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.
 The move would bring the maker of Presidente beer under AB InBev’s Brazil-based AmBev unit, said the people, who declined to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 “Europe is already dominated by the German carmakers, because diesel cars are popular.
 Abu Ismail was ruled out because the commission determined that his mother held U.
 Negative Yields The franc is a favorite in times of stress because the nation is a financial center and exporter of precision products.
 That’s what European Central Bank President Mario Draghi seemed to imply during a Wall Street Journal interview earlier this year, when he said that ”the European social model has already gone,” because it could no longer assure jobs for youths.
 They are certainly under pressure, not least because austerity is forcing governments to reduce the generosity of welfare provisions.
 “That’s why we always talk about be careful how you evaluate spring training, because guys get off to hot or cold starts for different reasons.
 “We’ll see growth in oil, gas and coal because we need energy for these rapid-growth emerging countries that are driving the need for commodities.
 Gondor said individuals often choose to invest in MLPs via closed-end funds because they simplify tax accounting requirements.
 The gap between the cost of adding those companies to the index and the proceeds from selling the companies that are leaving it may “put end-of-day pressure on markets because in the absence of anything else, indexers are going to be selling some stocks to pay for others,” said John Carillo , director of portfolio trading at ITG in New York.
 It’s a thriving business, largely because minor-league teams, unlike some in the majors, haven’t suffered much in the recession, Bloomberg Businessweek reports in its June 28 edition.
 Perhaps the main reason there are more cosmetic changes in the minors is because the owners and their staff are, in essence, theater producers -- and costumes are a big part of the show.
 The profit figures are “harder” than the growth estimates because they are tabulated using 10K reports, the summary of a company’s performance filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, said AllianceBernstein’s Carson.
 “People are buying bonds not because they want to, but because they don’t have an alternative.
, because they have emerged stronger after the global financial crisis, he said.
html Crude-oil and copper prices will see “modest increases” on supply constraints and because the rise in the dollar is probably over, Larry Kantor , the head of research at Barclays Capital, said today in New York before the firm released its quarterly global-outlook report.
 “Over the next few years, Lukoil’s oil output increase will come because that compensation crude we get from West Qurna-2 will provide a stable cash flow and oil flows.
 “It also has an added effect because we have business in China.
 have been at odds on whether debt reduction or stimulus should take precedence, with Chancellor Angela Merkel this week saying Europe’s debt levels have to be lowered because they are one of the main causes of the crisis.
” She said prosecutors could argue that their reliance on the honest- services provision was “harmless” because jurors would have convicted Skilling of conspiracy, regardless.
 The industry has been pummeled because everybody believed that banks caused the financial crisis.
 “Demand has increased because the economic environment is good,” Lee said.
” Whatever accomplishments Obama may point to before November’s elections, Fields said he is skeptical they will help Democrats, because what is most remembered is the partisan hostility involved with passing such measures as health care.
 These tools should be in the public domain, he said, because “monopolist control of this kind would be bad for science, bad for consumers and bad for business because it removed the element of competition,” according to the newspaper.
 “The government is going to reduce its time off to the minimum because the economic situation demands that the government should be at full capacity,” Fernandez de la Vega said after a weekly Cabinet meeting.
 securities firms before converting to banks in September 2008, won’t be as affected because they kept most of their derivatives in their broker-dealer units.
 “The plan suffered millions of dollars in losses in plan benefits because substantial assets of the plan were imprudently invested or allowed to be invested by defendants in BP ADSs during the class period, in breach of defendants’ fiduciary duties,” Whitley said in the complaint.
 “Taiwan is at the margin the loser because renminbi appreciation is a further threat to the profit margins of Taiwan exporters with mainland operations.
 “The government has basically confirmed that the cotton supply will continue to be tight and delayed planting in spring has made the situation worse because it will push back the time when new crop cotton becomes available,” Dong Shuzhi , assistant general manager at Jinshi Futures Co.
 About 20,800 transactions were canceled because they took place 60 percent or more away from what exchanges deemed were reasonable prices that day.
 The opinion was adverse to the Rangers because Lynn concluded that the lenders and the equity holders have the right to vote.
 The surplus would go to the lenders because they have a security interest in the limited and general partners that own the team.
 The committee takes issue with the terms of the $175 million loan because it provides for paying professional expenses and giving new liens to first-lien lenders covering existing debt where the collateral is worth less than the loan.
 “Right now, there are a lot of mom-and-pop businesses whose finances are in jeopardy because a bunch of guys on Wall Street are serving their own narrow interests,” Greenberg said.
 Selling bonds won’t be part of any plan, because that would avoid spending cuts and result in a larger deficit for his successor, the governor said yesterday.
 The Senate wants to raise as much as $1 billion by selling bonds backed by payments from tobacco companies, which wouldn’t affect the budget because they rely on revenue from cigarette makers, said Budget Director Robert Megna .
 Payments on the state’s $55 billion of debt won’t be affected because they were authorized in March.
 Altria was the only cigarette maker to support FDA oversight, said Phelps, because the company wanted consistent rules of the road for the entire tobacco industry.
 In Greece, the economy sputters , the ruling political party refuses to reduce spending before the 2009 election, and the old habits become harder to conceal --- more so because the then- ruling party consisted of, as the young Greek novelist Constantine Abazis puts it, a bunch of “morons.
 That’s because 50 years ago, Greece passed something called Law 89, a massive tax break for ship owners in exchange for pumping money into the economy, according to Clay Maitland, a managing partner of the Marshall Islands ship registry.
 Metro employees went on strike because 285 temporary employment contracts were not renewed.
” The storm’s potential track across the Yucatan may keep it from become a hurricane because it will lose strength over land, said Jeff Masters , co-founder of Weather Underground Inc .
 “The fact that we haven’t had a storm yet doesn’t mean anything because hurricane season usually starts slow.
 Bids in recent domestic bonds sales were rejected because yields demanded in the auctions were too high, Vladescu said.
 A federal appeals court last year ordered that he be resentenced because the trial judge incorrectly calculated his gains from stock sales.
 courts could consider the case because it centered on alleged wrongdoing by a former U.
 , the world’s largest automaker, halted sales of a new hybrid Lexus model because too much fuel spilled in government crash tests, posing a fire risk, the company said yesterday.
 Toyota halted sales of the Lexus GX 460 after the magazine rated it a “safety risk” because the model could roll over in certain driving conditions.
 “The blanket moratorium, with no parameters, seems to assume that because one rig failed and although no one yet fully knows why, all companies and rigs drilling new wells over 500 feet also universally present an imminent danger.
” In yesterday’s filing, government lawyers said Feldman incorrectly equated the moratorium to concluding that “all airplanes (are) a danger because one was.
 “People are buying bonds not because they want to, but because they don’t have an alternative.
 “People are buying bonds not because they want to, but because they don’t have an alternative.
 Inflation-adjusted securities typically yield less than regular bonds because their principal payment increases at the same rate as inflation.
 He said his administration “did not expect a complete 20 percent appreciation” because that would be damaging to the world economy.
 In an interview from New Orleans today with Bloomberg’s Ken Prewitt and Tom Keene on the “Bloomberg Surveillance” radio program, Feinberg cited the example of a New York restaurant that claims its business was hurt because it lost access to gulf seafood.
 “We’ll see growth in oil, gas and coal because we need energy for these rapid-growth emerging countries that are driving the need for commodities.
 have been at odds on whether to prioritize debt reduction or stimulus, with Chancellor Angela Merkel this week saying Europe’s debt levels have to be reduced because they are one of the main causes of the crisis.
 and French companies PAI Partners and LBO France for management presentations and further due diligence after they submitted indicative bids, said the people who declined to be identified because the process is private.
 courts may consider the case because it centered on alleged wrongdoing by a former U.
 Such cases are known as foreign-cubed lawsuits because they involve non-U.
 “It has a profound effect because this is not just a duration adjustment, but one sovereign falling out of the basket.
 The talks will examine whether to include the chance of a sovereign-debt default in the stress-test scenario and on which day to release the results of the tests, said the people, who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 The industry has been pummeled because everybody believed that banks caused the financial crisis.
 securities firms before converting to banks in September 2008, won’t be as affected because they kept most of their derivatives in their broker-dealer units.
 “The Department of Education starts with an $800 million hole in it right away because we have stimulus money for education, which I would assume is not coming back.
 “It also has an added effect because we have business in China.
 Community banks that have raised cash through TruPS since 2000 will, in effect, get 20 years to make the switch because most of the securities have 30-year maturities.
 Banks couldn’t use them as capital during the crisis because deferring dividends would have been seen as a sign of weakness, the FDIC has said.
” Moody’s Investors Service said in a report this week that the rule will have “minimal, if any” impact on banks’ ratings because TruPS are already being disqualified as capital by analysts.
 housing boom because Wall Street paid them to assess the creditworthiness of mortgages packaged into bonds.
 The memo said that the main suspect in the case, Cromitie, would be conducting surveillance of an adjoining Air National Guard Base and posed no danger because he was working with a government agent.
” Funds such as the one planned by RSR Capital tend to outperform when markets are falling because they trade on volatility, which increases when prices decline.
 “It has a profound effect because this is not just a duration adjustment, but one sovereign falling out of the basket.
 The limit was meant to reduce bank conflicts of interest over their control of clearinghouses and how they could block over-the-counter derivatives from being processed because they benefit from keeping the trades private.
 Giving appreciated stock directly is better than writing a check because individuals generally receive a larger charitable deduction and make the donation with pretax dollars, said John O.
 Collinsworth said he later came to believe that Holt’s claim the portfolio was performing well made little sense because she had said it was invested largely in real estate, private equity and hedge funds.
 Speaker, your trouble in Florida is not because the audience is too quiet or too loud, or because you have opponents that are tough,” Romney added, a reference to Gingrich’s nationally televised debate performances last week, which drew tepid responses from supporters.
 An increase in the index makes investments in currencies with higher benchmark lending rates less attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 Divers had to suspend operations yesterday because the ship shifted by 4 centimeters.
 Current 5- and 10-year notes often trade at the lowest repo rates because they are widely used as hedges against positions in corporate, mortgage and global debt.
 Securities firms are willing to pay higher rates to borrow money through triparty repos because they can allocate leftover collateral remaining at their clearing bank late in the day as backing for the transactions, saving on delivery costs.
 Compliance Action Iran Oil Curbs Extend to 95% of Tankers in EU Insurance Rules European Union sanctions on Iranian oil will extend to about 95 percent of tankers because they are insured under rules governed by European law.
 Struggling wind-equipment makers are less likely to get bought than solar companies because they have less to offer buyers, said Martin Prozesky, an analyst at Sanford C.
 Birenboim said Blavatnik wouldn’t extend the schedule two months to June 29, a request Birenboim made because he will be unavailable for six to eight weeks.
 The four claims he rejected, because they were filed too late, involved securities from Countrywide Financial Corp.
 The law allows him to take back the money simply because the operation was a fraud, he said in a court filing Jan.
 Fox, a former Madoff investor, sought to overturn the settlement because it gave Madoff trustee Irving Picard priority in dealing with the Picower estate, and barred her from suing the estate herself.
 MacAndrews & Forbes said it withheld the payments because Drapkin breached the separation agreement by withholding documents and trying to get Eric Rose, who heads the firm’s life sciences business, to leave.
 “I voted for McCain because he was the best on the ticket but I did not want him,” said Andrea Kidd, 47, after hearing Gingrich speak in Orlando .
 “We’re supposed to hate Newt Gingrich because Bob Dole caved to the Democrats 24 hours before they were going to cave to Gingrich.
 It’s just a different way of looking at your upcoming tournaments because the year has just started and you already have one Grand Slam.
 Democrats say they have the upper hand with voters on Medicare, which they are touting as Florida (BEESFL) voters go to the polls tomorrow, because a Democrat won a special election in western New York last May.
 Speaker, your trouble in Florida is not because the audience is too quiet or too loud, or because you have opponents that are tough,” Romney added, a reference to Gingrich’s nationally televised debate performances last week, which drew tepid responses from supporters.
html German State Minister Volker Bouffier is opposed to a transaction tax because it would mean job losses, Handelsblatt quoted him as saying.
 “The truth is, we have been working on the project because the Chinese government gives high priority to this project.
 (6503) fell the most in 10 months in Tokyo trading after Japan barred the company from competitive bidding for government orders because it overcharged for some defense and aerospace contracts.
 bonds because it is still government paper while also protecting you from long-term inflation,” George Goncalves , the head of interest-rate strategy in New York at Nomura Holdings Inc.
 Lethal Issue Cameron said at the time that any changes made under the alternative fiscal pact could not use EU institutions because they could only carry out policies applying to all 27 members.
 Origination Claims The proposed deal releases the banks from origination claims because in many states, including California, the statutory deadline for the claims has already passed, the person said.
 The proposed multistate settlement won’t release banks from criminal liability, said another person briefed on the talks who declined to be identified because the negotiations are continuing.
” The West is putting pressure on Syria because the country refuses to break off its alliance with Iran and not for repressing the opposition, Russian Security Council head Nikolai Patrushev said Jan.
 (INTC) grapple with slower personal- computer sales, partly because customers are buying smartphones and tablets including the iPad instead.
 “We have revised our forecast because we realized less than our anticipated output by the end of December,” he said.
html Ukraine’s wheat exports may come in below earlier forecasts because shipments are slowing, agricultural researcher UkrAgroConsult said.
 “In November, transaction volume was looking weak, but December proved to be stronger perhaps because deals closed then,” he said.
 An agreement for the $292,200-a-room purchase is likely to be completed soon, said the person, who asked not to be named because the discussions are private.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
” The Treasury Department has said it expects no need for another increase in the debt limit until after the November election, though it’s impossible to say for certain because tax revenue can vary widely with the strength of the economy.
 Meeting on Greece An increase in the index makes investments in currencies with higher benchmark lending rates less attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 Baker wrote that Gingrich will have an advantage because most of the contests over the next two months will award delegates on a proportional basis.
 That comes after it reported its first half-year profit in four years because bad debt charges declined 80 percent in the six months to June 30, 2011.
 The bondholders and uninsured depositors are unconcerned because they expect, if worse comes to worst, that the bank will receive a government bailout.
 The Frankfurt-based ECB bought Portuguese government bonds today, according to three people with knowledge of the transactions, who declined to be identified because the deals are confidential.
 Aird will start at the Japanese bank’s London office in the beginning of February, said the person, who declined to be identified because the plans are private.
 The change is being made because Ralcorp Holdings Inc.
 ‘Yale Man’ The Yale administration has made it easier for students to report sexual misconduct because the process is less confusing and has been publicized more, said Kate Orazem, 22, a senior history major and one of the Title IX complainants.
 “It’s been difficult because for him, his first instinct was to try and run out and explain.
 “In order to be fair to all those involved and the process they had adhered to, and because the nature of the complaint meant that all its details remain allegations, the News chose not to print a story,” de La Bruyere wrote.
 There were probably horse refuges in the Ukraine, Turkestan and the Iberian Peninsula, because those places were less cold.
11, in part because customers in its U.
 Nonresidential construction exhibits “late-cycle” growth because the design and building process may take several years from inception to completion, said Russell Price , a senior economist at Ameriprise Financial Inc.
 The architecture association’s billing index historically has led improvements in building activity by about nine to 12 months; because this recovery has been so weak, a construction rebound is coming later in the economic cycle as “companies don’t need to add new facilities until they’re seeing growth,” he said.
 Meeting on Greece An increase in the index (SXXP) makes investments in currencies with higher benchmark lending rates less attractive because the risk in such trades is that market moves will erase profits.
 Struggling wind-equipment makers are less likely to get bought than solar companies because they have less to offer buyers, said Martin Prozesky, an analyst at Sanford C.
” The EU summit is “destined to fail because they are talking about the wrong things,” he said.
 “Banks often face with fund shortages after Tet, because demand for cash soars during the holiday,” said Do Hoang Quynh Trang, a fixed-income trader at Hanoi-based Ocean Commercial Joint-Stock Bank.
 “If confirmed to the court, he would recuse himself from that matter because he did not want there to be the appearance of bias on his part on that issue,” Christie told reporters.
 Romney, 64, deserves most of the credit for his improved debate performances last week, McKinnon said, adding: “But having Brett O’Donnell aboard for debate prep is going to raise the level of anyone’s game, because Brett is simply the best in the business.
 The exposure includes 53 percent, or $16 billion, in foreign branches and subsidiaries, and 47 percent, or $14 billion, in domestic offices, said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the bank has not authorized employees to speak publicly on the matter.
 Goldman Counterparties The provision raised the stakes for banks because their swaps business is global.
 “All the credit goes to Wandell because he was completely involved in the negotiations,” said Anand at CreditSights.
 Masto said she needs answers quickly to 38 questions to evaluate the agreement because the sign-on deadline is Feb.
 The State Department has authority over the project because it crosses an international border and last year conducted a review of the environmental impacts along the route.
 The salt excites oil executives because on the South American side of the Atlantic the same mineral capped some of the largest fields found in the last 10 years, putting Brazil on the path to becoming the world’s fourth-largest oil producer.
” Drilling is technically challenging because the layer of salt is difficult to penetrate with seismic survey techniques that identify potential oil fields , Morgan Stanley said in a note earlier this month.
 Choice 1-3 grade is a better grade than Select 1-3, partly because Choice cuts have more fat, or marbling, than Select cuts.
 Water is an interesting one because it almost doesn't matter what industry you're in.
 It’s a recognition that, ‘We have to have a strategy because the way we currently do something and the way we expect to grow are on a collision course.
 This is how: They work for me not because I'm paying them the most money but because they want to, because they can change things here.
 During a two-month period, she went to the emergency room seven times because she was turning blue from lack of oxygen, Retta recalled.
 Joe Beery said that while he and his family always prayed for guidance, they never dreamed that the answer to their children’s health mystery would arrive because he landed at a company that took a gamble on genome sequencing.
, to complete the financing of its bid, said one of the people, who declined to be identified because the talks are private.
 Criminal prosecution of those in charge of the company isn’t possible because they fled to Taiwan or mainland China , Westbrook said in June.
 thinks investment banking will pick up significantly when the economy improves because it is an inherently cyclical business.
 That isn’t easy to answer, because individual taste in sparkling wines is a huge factor.
 “It puts you in a bad position, usually unnecessarily, because the regulator has all the power.
 ‘Zero’ Risk Seen Spirit Chief Executive Officer Ben Baldanza, in an telephone interview, said the broadside carried “zero” risk because it has sued the transportation department to get the new rule thrown out.
 AT&T’s situation is different from Spirit’s because the telecom giant had lost its case at the commission and may see value in building political support by speaking out, Levick Strategic’s Bartlett said.
 That’s because the government is making it difficult to present costs in a transparent format, a Spirit Web page says.
 While Reagan’s rebound to victory as the economy shifted direction is a precedent Obama supporters would like to follow, Reagan, a Republican, had an advantage because his recession was caused by high inflation, which the Federal Reserve countered by raising interest rates .
 Smaller Cushion South Africa’s policy makers have less scope over the exchange rate because reserves are smaller relative to the size of the market.
 “The rand has been more sensitive to market sentiment than other emerging-market currencies such as the zloty and lira because they are being supported by the central bank,” Thu Lan Nguyen, a currency strategist at Frankfurt-based Commerzbank, said in a phone interview.
 At that rate, banks may struggle to profit from even non- interest-paying deposits, because the companies must pay premiums to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
 Blame Game Republicans said Obama bore responsibility for the crisis over the nation’s long-term debt because he had failed to offer a plan to lead the country out of unsustainable budget deficits.
 “The debt crisis has helped drive gilt yields down quite a lot because the U.
 A deal between Capital One, based in McLean, Virginia, and HSBC may be announced soon, according to the person who declined to be identified because the discussions are private.
 and the world suffered through in 2008-2009 historically have been slow because it takes time to work off the debts built up during the boom years, said Carmen Reinhart , senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington .
 In an interview last month, McAdam, 57, said changing the union contract would benefit workers because lower costs would help the business compete.
 “If we do that, I think the union will have a much stronger future because the company will be stronger,” he said.
 Ben Tseng, spokesman for the company, wasn’t immediately available to comment at his office because he was overseas.
 “I used to get the crap beat out of me because it took nine months to 11 months to get a deal done, which drove me nuts,” Graykowski said in an interview.
 “This is a life-changing event in many respects because no-one has ever seen the U.
 ‘Bitter End’ The fund is “fully prepared to litigate this matter to the bitter end because we will continue to manage your money, and collect management and incentive fees, until this matter is resolved many years hence,” Christopher Paige, the fund’s general counsel, wrote in a March 2010 letter , according to court filings.
” Earnings from tobacco, which provides Malawi about 60 percent of its export income, may slump 33 percent to $300 million this year because farmers are rejecting low prices, Finance Minister Ken Kandodo said in June.
 The ECB later bought Irish and Portuguese bonds, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the deals are confidential.
 The central bank’s bond purchases differ from so-called quantitative easing policies pursued by the Federal Reserve and Bank of England because the central bank mops up the liquidity created by the purchases, meaning the net effect on the money supply is neutral.
 It also bought Irish and Portuguese bonds, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the deals are confidential.
 Board member Sayuri Shirai said she’s “very worried” about an excessively strong yen because it could hurt corporate sentiment.
 than other companies do because they get much of their income from international markets, S&P said.
 Rivlin, now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, said she’s also more optimistic the trigger will exert pressure on lawmakers because the debt has reached crisis proportions unlike previous budget battles.
 “The president’s reaction to this case is different because now we are talking about the main party in her coalition,” said Senator Alvaro Dias, leader of the opposition Brazilian Social Democracy Party in the Senate, in a telephone interview.
 Start Commuting Geithner said in June he would start commuting to Washington from New York because his son was returning there to finish high school.
 The ECB also bought Irish and Portuguese bonds, said two of the people, who asked not to be identified because the deals are confidential.
 “This is a life-changing event in many respects because no one has ever seen the U.
 Brussow, who was out of action for almost two months because a hamstring strain, was called up after coming through a domestic Currie Cup match two days ago.
 “This is all happening because the U.
 “This risk-off sentiment that we are seeing today, and probably may last for the next couple of days, is going to be fairly short-lived because any sort of risks in financial markets or downside risks with the outlook of the global economy will see Asian central bank coordination with their counterparts in the U.
 “We’re in one of the most interesting times in financial history and everyone is grasping for something to hold onto but no one knows, because this is unprecedented,” Brenna Hardman, a derivatives broker at MEB Options LLC, said in a telephone interview from the CBOE floor.
 “This is a life-changing event in many respects because no-one has ever seen the U.
 The global turmoil “makes our markets look more interesting because in aggregate, the GCC and frontier markets in general have greater reserves than outstanding debt.
 “I have not changed my view that the consumer would accept price increases because all the retailers would have the same cost structure and ultimately would start to pass that through,” Niemira said Aug.
 (RL) plan to raise prices more on higher-end items than on less expensive goods because low-income consumers have been hurt simultaneously by higher costs for food, apparel and gasoline.
