
DaimlerChrysler declined comment . 
Le Figaro talked of a Franco-German `` divorce '' while Le Monde said Airbus was paralyzed by the `` egotism of Paris and Berlin . 
`` JOBS SPLIT The breakdown in the Franco-German consensus -- the latest in three years of bickering surrounding Europe 's biggest aerospace group -- highlights sensitivities in both countries over employment and mutual suspicions of protectionism . 
Jobs are a key issue in upcoming French elections . 
`` This company is largely Franco-German , very European and there needs to be an equitable distribution of efforts between the countries , '' Villepin said . 
German politicians suspect Toulouse-based Airbus 's French management of forcing German workers to bear a disproportionate share of the cuts . 
Airbus employs 20 , 000 people in each country . 
Germany is pushing for more of the cuts to be borne by France on a basis of equality , a source close to the talks said . 
`` We need to ensure that the French , who practice a very interventionist industrial policy , do not come out of the process as the only winners , '' said Rainer Wend , an economic spokesman for the center-left SPD , part of Merkel 's coalition . 
`` The French are fighting for their jobs and their future role , and we as Germans can not and should not settle for playing second fiddle , '' Ditmar Staffelt , SPD member in parliament and former government coordinator for aerospace issues , said . 
Arnaud Lagardere told French newspaper Le Monde that the French would defend their interests in Airbus 's restructuring but pledged not to allow disputes with Germany to worsen . 
`` Let 's end the hypocrisy of saying it 's the shareholders who are blocking everything over transferring production . 
If they did n't do it , then the blockage would arise elsewhere , at the union level or between the governments , '' Lagardere said . 
Lagardere represents a consortium grouping the French government 's 15 percent EADS stake with his own media group 's 7.5 percent holding . 
DaimlerChrysler controls 22.5 percent . 
Airbus has been haunted by national rivalries since it was transformed from a loose consortium into a unit of EADS when the aerospace group was created in 2000 . 
Critics say it still does not operate like a single integrated company . 
Unions in France and Germany say they will defend jobs . 
Analysts said EADS shares were supported for now by the health of global aerospace demand and signs of interest from oil-rich Middle East shareholders such as Qatar 's investment fund . 
But several questioned how long that would last . 
